Bengals, Trey Hendrickson reportedly resume contract negotiations after edge rusher skipped minicamp
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/bengals-trey-hendrickson-reportedly-resume-contract-negotiations-after-edge-rusher-skipped-minicamp-200127498.html
Defensive end Trey Hendrickson skipped the Cincinnati Bengals ' minicamp this past week amid a contract dispute. The eight-year veteran is looking for an extension with his contract set to expire after this season.
Hendrickson, 30, is set to be paid a base salary of $15.8 million but insists that he will not play this season under his current deal. He's seeking a long-term agreement that would put him among the NFL's highest-paid pass rushers.
However, not attending minicamp may have moved the negotiation process forward. Hendrickson and the Bengals have resumed discussions on a new contract, ESPN's Jeremy Fowler reports . How much of a gap exists between the two sides has not been reported.

Cleveland Browns defensive end Myles Garrett is currently the league's highest-paid pass-rusher after agreeing in March to a four-year extension that pays him an average annual salary of $40 million. Hendrickson's teammate Ja'Marr Chase is the NFL's highest-paid non-quarterback with a new contract that will pay him $40.25 million per season.
Hendrickson isn't the only pass rusher looking for a new contract. Dallas Cowboys linebacker Micah Parsons and Pittsburgh Steelers edge rusher T.J. Watt are also looking to top the pay scale at their position. One major issue is that neither player likely wants to be the first to sign, possibly reset the market and then watch a peer overtake him as the NFL's highest-paid pass rusher.

The Bengals' defensive end has registered 17.5 sacks in each of the past two seasons. That total led the NFL last season. (He finished behind Watt's 19 sacks in 2023.) Subsequently, Hendrickson was named to his fourth consecutive Pro Bowl, earned first-team All-Pro honors and finished as runner-up in NFL defensive player of the year voting.
Hendrickson has 77 sacks in his eight NFL seasons, averaging 13 over the past three years. Only Garrett has more during that span. He also has 220 tackles and 77 tackles for loss for his career.
Cincinnati is also in a contract dispute with rookie Shemar Stewart , one of four first-round selections who have not reached an agreement with their respective teams. As a result, he left minicamp last Thursday.

Jason Day reveals he roots for Browns and Steelers despite long-standing rivalry
https://sports.yahoo.com/golf/article/jason-day-reveals-he-roots-for-browns-and-steelers-despite-long-standing-rivalry-215601847.html
Australian golf star Jason Day is going viral on social media for a hot take on his favorite NFL team. On Saturday, the 37-year-old revealed his favorite team is the Cleveland Browns and his second favorite is their rival, the Pittsburgh Steelers.
During the U.S. Open tournament, Day revealed, "My favorite football team is the Cleveland Browns.
"Even though they have a rivalry, my second favorite team is Pittsburgh. I know I'm gonna get a lot of slack for that, but I do have the Pittsburgh colors on today, so I'll just leave it at that."
Fans quickly took to the comment section to discuss the take, given the heated history between the two franchises.
The @Browns and @Steelers ? Risky move, Jason! 😂 pic.twitter.com/yQEfy90Cqy
"Someone needs to tell just how wrong this is," one user wrote .
"I guess he didn’t get the memo.  If you are a Browns fan, it is required that you hate the Steelers and vice versa. Don’t be like a f**king politician, pick one," another added .
"That's wild. Imagine if he said he was a Bears and Packers fan? lol," wrote a third .
The Browns-Steelers rivalry dates back to the AAFC-NFL merger in 1950, which placed the teams in the same conference. Their proximity and eventual placement in the AFC North division has led to the teams facing each other twice a season.

The Turnpike Rivalry has now led to 146 meetings. The Steelers have the upper hand in the longest-standing AFC North rivalry with an 82–64–1 record against Cleveland. Pittsburgh also has a 2-1 playoff record over the Browns.
Day currently sits in a six-way tie for 26th place at the U.S. Open.

Anthony Richardson reportedly expected to be healthy for Colts training camp after 2nd injury to throwing shoulder
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/breaking-news/article/anthony-richardson-reportedly-expected-to-be-healthy-for-colts-training-camp-after-2nd-injury-to-throwing-shoulder-002852239.html
It sounds like the Anthony Richardson-Daniel Jones quarterback competition will go forward as planned.
NFL Network's Ian Rapoport reported Friday that Richardson is expected to be healthy and ready for the start of Indianapolis Colts training camp after suffering a second injury to his throwing shoulder during offseason drills.
"He is expected to be fine by training camp," Rapoport said .
The Colts announced on June 5 Richardson would not participate in mandatory minicamp that started Tuesday after he reported soreness in his right shoulder. The injury was to the same shoulder that required AC joint surgery during Richardson's rookie year. The initial injury sidelined Richardson for the final 12 games of the 2023 season.
Head coach Shane Steichen told reporters Tuesday that Richardson flew to Los Angeles to meet with orthopedic surgeon Dr. Neal ElAttrache for a second opinion. ElAttrache performed Richardson's 2023 surgery.
Per Steichen, ElAttrache agreed with the initial prognosis that Richardson did not require another procedure. He recommended rest and rehabilitation for the injury. Steichen told reporters at the time Richardson still did not have a timeline to return.
Richardson wasn't completely sidelined for Colts minicamp, which ended Thursday. He was seen doing footwork drills and shadowing the offense without throwing the football.
Anthony Richardson doing what he can pic.twitter.com/BDjMNtxnat
#Colts QB Anthony Richardson doing some mental reps. pic.twitter.com/QqWmwTUpgH
If Richardson is ready for the start of training camp, the 2023 No. 4 overall draft pick is expected to engage in a true quarterback competition with Jones, the former Giants quarterback who signed with the Colts this offseason.
Richardson struggled last season in his return from his shoulder injury. He made 11 starts and was eventually benched in favor of veteran backup Joe Flacco before returning to the lineup late in the season.
The accuracy issue that plagued him in his brief rookie stint worsened as he completed 47.7% of his passes for 5.4 yards per attempt with eight touchdowns and 12 interceptions.

The Colts signed Jones in the offseason to compete with Richardson. Like Richardson, Jones has struggled in the NFL, primarily with turnovers, after being selected in the first round.
Jones threw 47 interceptions and fumbled 50 times in his 70 games with the Giants in six seasons. The Giants signed him to an extension to his rookie contract in 2023 after he showed signs of improvement. But they benched him and ultimately cut him in 2024 after he regressed. He signed with the Vikings late in the season, but didn't play a snap.
Colts general manager Chris Ballard said in February he wanted "real competition" for Richardson. The Colts then signed Jones in March to a one-year, $14 million contract. If Richardson does return healthy, he'll engage with Jones in one of the most intriguing position battles in the NFL.

Micah Parsons says Cowboys not signing him to extension already will 'cost them more' eventually
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/micah-parsons-says-cowboys-not-signing-him-to-extension-already-will-cost-them-more-eventually-230302019.html
Dallas Cowboys linebacker Micah Parsons attended the team's mandatory minicamp this week, despite not coming to an agreement on a new contract. (However, he skipped voluntary OTAs in the spring.) His current deal expires after this season.
In the edge rusher's view, team owner Jerry Jones would have already saved money had he signed Parsons to an extension by now.
"It’s going to cost them more," Parsons told longtime reporter Clarence Hill Jr. of DLLS .
Parsons, 26, is in a race with fellow pass-rushers Trey Hendrickson and T.J. Watt to become the highest-paid non-quarterback in the NFL with a new deal. Both of those players didn't report to mandatory minicamps amid their respective contract disputes.

The four-time Pro Bowler said he and Jones made a handshake deal in March, according to Hill ( via Pro Football Talk ). But the Cowboys owner reportedly never called Parsons' agent to work out the final details of a contract.
Parsons claims that he has seen what Watt is asking for from the Pittsburgh Steelers , which has not been reported. Whatever Watt is seeking is more than what Parsons and Jones had agreed to, according to the four-year veteran. And if Watt gets the contract he wants, Parsons will almost certainly ask for more, which is what he meant with his remarks to Hill.

Myles Garrett currently holds the belt of the league's highest-paid pass-rusher after agreeing in March to a four-year extension with the Cleveland Browns that pays him an average annual salary of $40 million. However, Ja'Marr Chase 's new deal with the Cincinnati Bengals , signed less than a week later , edged him out for the top non-QB spot, at $40.25 million per season.
Parsons is set to be paid $24 million this season after the Cowboys picked up his fifth-year option . He hopes to get a new deal finalized before training camp begins on July 21. If no deal is done, he says he will report but not practice.
In his NFL career, Parsons has averaged 14 sacks per season, with 69 tackles, two forced fumbles and 17 tackles for loss. He won Defensive Rookie of the Year honors and was named first-team All-Pro in his first two seasons. Last year, Parsons was named second-team All-Pro after notching 12 sacks.

Colts will induct late owner Jim Irsay into team's Ring of Honor during 2025 season opener
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/colts-will-induct-late-owner-jim-irsay-into-teams-ring-of-honor-during-2025-season-opener-154916418.html
The Indianapolis Colts announced Friday longtime owner Jim Irsay will be inducted into the franchise's Ring of Honor during the team's season opener Sept. 7.
Irsay died May 21 at the age of 65. He had been the team's principal owner and CEO since 1997, following the death of his father, Robert Irsay. At the time, he was the NFL's youngest owner at 37.
During Jim Irsay's 28 years as principal owner, the Colts won 10 division titles, reached the postseason 16 times and got to two Super Bowls, winning Super Bowl XLI in 2006. Much of that success occurred with Peyton Manning, who was selected No. 1 overall in the 1998 NFL Draft and played 13 seasons with the franchise. Manning is also in the team's Ring of Honor.
Week 1 just got more special. #ThankYouJimIrsay pic.twitter.com/wCJdFi9bpo
The Colts made the announcement June 13 to commemorate what would have been Irsay's 66th birthday. Irsay will be the 20th member of the Colts' Ring of Honor, joining his father who was the team's first inductee in 1996.
"There was no bigger advocate for the Colts, the NFL, the city of Indianapolis and the state of Indiana than our dad, Jim Irsay," Irsay's daughters, Carlie Irsay-Gordon, Casey Foyt and Kalen Jackson, said in an official statement .
"It's only fitting that he now joins the other amazing Colts legends in our Ring of Honor who contributed so much to our franchise and our community over the past four decades."
Earlier this week, the Colts announced Irsay-Gordon, Foyt and Jackson will become the owners of the franchise . Irsay-Gordon will assume her father's role of CEO (and principal owner), with Foyt becoming executive vice president and Jackson the team's chief brand officer role, in addition to being the president of the Indianapolis Colts Foundation.

Indianapolis will host the Miami Dolphins in Week 1.
The previous 19 inductees into the Colts' Ring of Honor are as follows:
Robert Irsay (1996) Bill Brooks (1996) Ted Marchibroda (2000) Chris Hinton (2001) Jim Harbaugh (2005) "Colts Nation" (2007) Tony Dungy (2010) Marvin Harrison Sr. (2011) Edgerrin James (2012) Eric Dickerson (2013) Marshall Faulk (2013) Jeff Saturday (2015) Bill Polian (2016) Peyton Manning (2017) Reggie Wayne (2018) Dwight Freeney (2019) Robert Mathis (2021) Tarik Glenn (2022) Dallas Clark (2024)

Texans safety Jimmie Ward arrested on felony assault family violence charge: Reports
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/breaking-news/article/texans-safety-jimmie-ward-arrested-on-felony-assault-family-violence-charge-reports-143806101.html
Content Warning: This story contains depictions of domestic violence.
Houston Texans safety Jimmie Ward was arrested Thursday morning on a felony assault family violence charge in Montgomery County, Texas, according to reporting by Catherine Dominguez and Jonathan M. Alexander of the Houston Chronicle.
Ward, 33, was accused of strangulation at his home in Magnolia, where he was arrested around 5:30 a.m., per information from the Montgomery County Jail, via the Chronicle.
Ward was released Thursday afternoon on $30,000 bond.
Early Thursday, deputies with the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office responded to Ward's home. It was there that they met with the complainant, according to the Chronicle, which also reported that the complainant's name was not released.
The complainant, who has since filed an emergency protective order, alleges that she was assaulted, choked and threatened by Ward, the Chronicle reported.
"We are aware of the report involving Jimmie Ward," Omar Majzoub, the senior director of communications for the Texans, said in a statement.
"We are gathering more information and have no further comment at this time."

Ward signed with the Texans during the 2023 offseason and was voted a team captain in both 2023 and 2024.
The former San Francisco 49er is under contract with Houston through 2025. His deal was expiring in 2024, but the Texans added another year to it last summer. Ward is owed $4.5 million.
He has yet to participate in offseason workouts this year. He's still recovering from the sprained foot he suffered in December last season , an injury that required season-ending surgery.
Although he hasn't been seen this week at Texans mandatory minicamp, according to the Chronicle, he has been in the building this offseason for treatment.
Ward played in 10 regular-season games last season, piling up 461 defensive snaps along the way, according to Pro Football Focus. Just like the previous season, he recorded only a 5.5% missed tackle rate, per PFF, this time ranking 10th in that category among all NFL safeties with at least 300 regular-season defensive snaps in 2024. He finished ninth on the team with 48 total tackles, with 32 being solos and 5 being TFLs.

In 2023, Ward played a part in the Texans going from worst to first in the AFC South. He also played under Texans head coach DeMeco Ryans in San Francisco, where Ryans previously served as defensive coordinator.
He played in only 10 games during the 2023 season, too, but his impact was felt as he tallied 50 total tackles, picked off a pass while defending three others and forced a fumble. The 2014 first-round pick out of Northern Illinois flexed his positional versatility, marking his first of two straight seasons in Houston with more than 100 defensive snaps in the box, in the slot and at deep safety, per PFF.
The Texans notably added former Philadelphia Eagles safety C.J. Gardner-Johnson this offseason. Second-year safety Calen Bullock is expected to play a big role for Houston this season as well.

How Browns' decision-makers view QB battle, where everyone from Joe Flacco to Shedeur Sanders ‘has got to earn their keep’
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/how-browns-decision-makers-view-qb-battle-where-everyone-from-joe-flacco-to-shedeur-sanders-has-got-to-earn-their-keep-215447831.html
BEREA, Ohio — As the Cleveland Browns trickled toward the field to stretch for their second of three minicamp practices, Andrew Berry sat at the conference room table of his office overlooking the field.
Ninety-one players were heading out to stretch.
But the general manager knew the four orange-jerseyed roster members, rather than the dozens in brown, were most captivating the national media narrative.
Welcome to the 2025 Browns quarterback battle.
There’s fan nostalgia toward 40-year-old Joe Flacco , who led the Browns to the playoffs coming off the couch during the 2023 season. The Pittsburgh Steelers ’ 2022 first-round draft pick, Kenny Pickett , is now in Cleveland learning the system and terminology of his once-division rival.
And then there are not one, but two, drafted rookie quarterbacks. Cleveland selected Dillon Gabriel in the third round before shocking the NFL to double back and select Shedeur Sanders in the fifth.
Taking two quarterbacks in 51 picks? Berry fielded the questions: Did he worry that drafting the high-profile Sanders so soon after Gabriel would undermine his third-round pick?
“No,” said Berry, sporting a Browns scouting department polo that hinted at his more than 16 years of experience evaluating NFL talent. “The reality of it is everybody’s got to compete. Everybody’s got to earn their keep, so to speak.
“If you’re in any position room and you’re worried about a guy that’s taken or signed that’s out of your control, then you probably don’t have the mental wiring to be as competitive as you need to be for that spot.”
The Browns do not worry that Gabriel, Flacco or Pickett are worrying about Sanders’ arrival. They don’t worry either that Sanders’ draft slot has distracted the Colorado product from his own work, offensive coordinator Tommy Rees telling Yahoo Sports that despite “all the nonsense that people can talk about, he’s put his head down and done everything we’ve asked him to do.”
Shedeur Sanders says “he’s always hungry” so while he’s happy with work he put in at Browns minicamp, he sees a lot of room for his improvement: pic.twitter.com/h7FniXGCXw
Speculation, conversation and projection will rage on in response to both 2025 political and societal trends that have little to do with Sanders and the Hall of Fame family pedigree that has much to do with him. Deion Sanders excelled in the NFL and embraced the flash during his playing days. He has continued to sparkle as the coach who oversaw his son’s four college years across Jackson State and Colorado.
But Deion Sanders is not in Berea. So as the Browns wrapped up their rep-heavy practices and seven-part offensive installation this week, conversations centered instead on, well, playing under center. Coaches spent little energy on their players’ past résumés and more on the intricacies of play action, two-minute protocol and red-zone work.
Minicamp practice scripts weren’t only geared to develop rookie quarterbacks. But they did heavily emphasize positioning Gabriel and Sanders to develop confidence in their growing grasp of the offense while challenging each rookie in ways likely to prompt the mistakes best suited to cultivate learning opportunities.
Flacco, whose experience gives him an edge in the race to start Week 1, observed the development while largely sidelined by the coaching staff.
Flacco has been telling Browns rookie QBs Dillon Gabriel and Shedeur Sanders: “We had 110-120 plays scripted. … Like whoa, we just did a 45-minute two-minute period.” pic.twitter.com/XVGKZ85qmQ
Flacco saw growth — and room for improvement typical of the rookie onboarding experience.
“Some of the times, those completions, maybe they could have put the ball somewhere else,” Flacco said Wednesday after practice. “But I think for young quarterbacks, to be able to not try to force things and sometimes just take the checkdown and take the low guy can show a lot of growth and can show some maturity.
“I think they’ve both done that a little bit.”
Will it be enough?
In a recent position meeting, coaches queued up a red-zone play that Sanders had quarterbacked.
“His thought process wasn’t wrong,” head coach Kevin Stefanski told Yahoo Sports, “but it wasn’t necessarily how you want to think about that route or that concept.”
So a lesson ensued with teachers beyond Stefanski, Rees and quarterbacks coach Bill Musgrave.
Flacco had already shared perspective on footwork and reads during spring meetings; Pickett, too, had guided the rookies on how to shift between three-, five- and seven-step drops under center.
On this red-zone play, Deshaun Watson , sidelined due to injury, stepped up for constructive critique. He referenced his own experience running the same red-zone concept during a game, and he explained the need to peek the inside route before throwing outside. Watson emphasized how the footwork would make or break the play’s timing.
“When it’s everybody in there, it’s really graduate level,” Stefanski said. “Prior to those meetings and sometimes after, if time allows, get the rookies by themselves and then you slow it down.
“It’s really kind of two different tracks.”
As Browns QBs pull up film to review on sideline of practice, Joe Flacco appears to be giving Shedeur Sanders advice after Shedeur’s 11-on-11 work pic.twitter.com/QR0nNKguUF
The quarterback battle, to a minicamp observer’s perspective, seems also to follow (at least) two different tracks.
The Browns have multiple questions to answer right now. In the wake of what is expected to be the end of Watson’s starting chapter in Cleveland, the Browns need to determine who will start Week 1 for them at quarterback and how they want to allocate their in-game quarterback opportunities throughout the 2025 season. They need to determine what their long-term plan is at quarterback. They’ll need to discern whether they want to package their two 2026 first-round picks to select one of the draft’s best signal-callers next year.
These questions don’t all demand answers at the same time. Arguably none should be definitively answered this month. But the Browns structured minicamp in a way that reflects their multi-faceted goals.
With game play months away and a wide gap between the veteran and rookie quarterbacks’ current foundations, they set up “two-spot” practice sessions where veterans and rookies received simultaneous looks. The rookies handled less complicated play calls and shifts. When one field ran, rookies were far likelier to be at quarterback.
“Oftentimes the thought in the NFL is like, ‘OK, well your starter gets 70% of the reps, your backup gets 25% of the reps and your third guy gets 5% of the reps,” Berry told Yahoo Sports. “And the job of the backups is to be ready to play with no reps.
“It doesn't have to be that way — especially in the spring when we have some flexibility.”
Hello from Browns minicamp! Where QBs are joining RBs today in footwork drills pic.twitter.com/S8SBogZJGb
The Browns are “absolutely, absolutely, absolutely” open to keeping all four quarterbacks on their 53-man roster “if they all play well enough,” Berry said, citing the New England Patriots carrying four quarterbacks during Tom Brady’s rookie year in 2000. Cleveland is not concerned at this juncture about skill players or linemen falling behind as they learn multiple different quarterbacks’ styles.
Flacco, Pickett and Gabriel all took first-team snaps during spring practices, though Flacco’s were intentionally limited by the coaching staff.
“The hope is that your offense has enough breadth to it where you can accomplish anything you want to accomplish with any of those quarterbacks,” Stefanski told Yahoo Sports. “Certainly, you’d lean into one area more or less based on the guy who’s under center or in the shotgun.
“But we don’t think that it’s a limiting factor in any way.”
The Browns like to deflect questions about their decision on a Week 1 starter. The decision "seems so far off," Stefanski says.
But the day will come. So how will they decide who starts their Sept. 7 opener against the Cincinnati Bengals ?
“Decision-making and processing,” Rees said. Berry agreed that the team seeks “someone who is an efficient operator and will make good decisions with the football.”
Cleveland’s coaching staff, front office and roster know that play-making is crucial in the NFL, superior physical skill sets and past experience translating well to game-altering situations.

They know also: Rookie quarterbacks in the NFL often flounder when their play-callers don’t acclimate them gradually to the faster-speed processing of the professional game. So as Stefanski says play-time decisions will be “very, very specifically based on what you see in practice, what you see in games, what you see in the meeting room … [on] how guys are performing,” it’s not presumptuous to understand who has the edge in this battle.
Injuries notwithstanding, there’s reason to consider Flacco the favorite to start Week 1 as of mid-June. He knows Stefanski’s offense best, he knows NFL defenses best and he’s built a trust with the organization based off past performances. If the Browns want a decision-maker and operator, he can do that. Unless or until he turns the ball over to an untenable point, he could help carry the team through a daunting first six weeks against the Bengals, Baltimore Ravens , Green Bay Packers , Detroit Lions , Minnesota Vikings and Steelers .
Pickett should also be considered a viable Week 1 option. He in theory has more upside for the franchise, though a Sam Darnold -like resurgence would more likely lead to the Browns exploring a trade to reclaim assets than extending him long-term. Pickett has started 25 pro games and would likely be better positioned to succeed now than he was in the anemic Steelers offense he ran as a rookie. The Browns value his process-oriented focus and commitment to understanding the under-center concepts newer to him.
“The more reps you get, the more comfortable you’ll be,” Pickett said. “Unfortunately in a situation like this, you may only get one play, one time, the entire camp. So you got to try to maximize as much as you can.”
Gabriel’s acclimation has impressed the Browns deeply. His high-level processing and six-year college foundation has readied him to be treated, in some ways, “basically like a veteran,” Berry said. Rees praised Gabriel as a player who “you don’t ever really need to correct him twice.” The first-team reps he received in minicamp reflected his quick grasp, with a Wednesday red-zone needle threaded to receiver Jaelen Gill in the back of the end zone the type of anticipation the Browns want to see from the room.
Gabriel to Jaelen Gill in the back of the end zone https://t.co/LccP3qhcXo pic.twitter.com/zLYoeWUSaa
And Sanders? His play-making and willingness to air it out, paired with the charisma that’s engaged teammates from Flacco to backup defensive backs alike, should contribute to the foundation he’s building. The Browns are praising his work ethic even as they did not give him first-team snaps through the spring — as is standard for fifth-round rookies.
Sanders’ deep ball to Gage Larvadain was the flashiest throw made Tuesday, and he caught veteran defensive back Damontae Kazee’s attention with more subtle progress.
“He's selling me a little bit, selling me down back there,” Kazee told Yahoo Sports of Sanders’ red-zone work. “Good look-off, came back quick with, so it's perfect.”
Shedeur Sanders just completed it deep in 7 on 7 to WR Gabe Larvadain pic.twitter.com/jjnmzZhZNh
Perfect, the Browns know, is an unrealistic goal both for their quarterbacks’ performance and for the plays their coaches will script. Problems will arise. Like the Browns’ depth chart, over time, they can be solved.
“Be able to solve problems on the field when they don’t get the ideal look,” Rees told Yahoo Sports. “Let’s just show that we’re making the right decision and we’re putting the ball where it’s supposed to be and we’ll figure out all the other parts.
“Every time we have an opportunity to solve a problem, make a decision — we’re looking to make the right one.”

Lessons from minicamp include Marvin Harrison Jr.'s new look and Shedeur Sanders' hype won't stop
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/lessons-from-minicamp-include-marvin-harrison-jrs-new-look-and-shedeur-sanders-hype-wont-stop-173104703.html
A team's mandatory minicamp isn't the same intensity as practicing in pads during training camp, but there is some value.
It's a time for new players to get acclimated, new coaches to teach their schemes and for returning players to show they are serious about taking on a bigger role. Here are the top five things we learned from mandatory minicamps around the NFL this week:
Bengals first-round draft pick Shemar Stewart went from being an unhappy spectator at minicamp to not attending at all . He left camp over a dispute over his unsigned contract. The team and player are at odds because the Bengals want to start a new precedent of including language in rookie contracts that would allow them to void future guarantees, via the Cincinnati Enquirer. Stewart had a biting comment , saying the Bengals "want to win arguments [more] than winning more games."
This could all get smoothed over soon, but the Bengals are not helping their reputation of being a cheap organization. They have NFL sack leader Trey Hendrickson holding out as he seeks a raise. Also this month, they cut Germaine Pratt, a good linebacker for six seasons who was immediately added by the Las Vegas Raiders . Now they're antagonizing edge rusher Stewart, who was supposed to help a defense that failed Cincinnati last season. Not great.
There has never been a fourth-string quarterback or fifth-round draft pick like Sanders, in terms of the amount of time spent talking about him . Every time the Browns practice, there are multiple videos on social media of Sanders doing just about anything. Routine passes in shorts and a jersey get hyped up as all-world highlights. The attention paid to Sanders is unprecedented for a player in his position, and it's  going to get only hotter when training camp and the preseason starts.
There's a four-way battle for the Browns' starting quarterback spot and there are many fans convinced Sanders will start from Week 1 on and be a star, even though the realistic odds of Sanders starting the season as QB1 are low. But he's the NFL player who will get the most attention in August. And it won't be close.
The Arizona Cardinals seemed happy to show off the new physique of Harrison, their second-year receiver who was the fourth pick of last year's draft.
Year 2 Marv. pic.twitter.com/dDMhw6EMrX
aura goes crazy pic.twitter.com/ZVwo7ZGqjP
Will it matter to Harrison's production that he seemed to put on some muscle? Maybe, maybe not, but the difference was noticeable.
“I thought it was AI and the pictures were fake,” Cardinals quarterback Kyler Murray said, via the Arizona Republic .
Harrison had a bit of a disappointing rookie season. It's clear he's taking his preparation for this season seriously.
The Broncos and Texans made some June pickups that might impact their seasons. Broncos rookie second-round pick RJ Harvey seemed to have a clear shot at the team's starting running back job, but then they signed J.K. Dobbins . Dobbins had 905 yards and nine touchdowns for the Chargers last season. Harvey will have a role, but the Broncos didn't sign Dobbins to watch him from the sideline.
In Houston , Joe Mixon 's starting spot is secure. But Nick Chubb is an interesting depth piece. The Texans didn't have much behind Mixon, although rookie Woody Marks was an interesting pick in the fourth round. Marks' chance at making a big impact as a rookie took a hit with the addition of Chubb, a fan favorite with the Browns. Chubb is a season removed from a horrible knee injury suffered in 2023, and Houston hopes he can provide backfield help. The additions in Denver and Houston give each team more options.


When you play for the Raiders and then the Jets , coming to the Los Angeles Rams can seem liberating. Although Rams minicamp doesn't begin until Monday, Adams has already noticed a difference in his short time with the team: "it's a glaring difference when you come into a building like this," and it's not like everyone didn't know what he was talking about.
"It's been exactly what I needed, feeling rejuvenated and really, really enjoying the time with the guys, getting to know them, getting on the same page with Matthew [Stafford], and just kind of gelling with the whole team right now," Adams said, via the team's site . "It feels like I've been on this team for a couple years now, just based off of how open and receptive the guys have been to me."

Adams had some big games for the Jets after a midseason trade, showing he has plenty left. The Rams practically chose Adams over Cooper Kupp this offseason, and must believe that he is an upgrade. Playing alongside Puka Nacua , Adams has a chance to have a big season for the Rams and help them back to the playoffs.

New England Patriots to unveil Tom Brady statue before preseason game on Aug. 8
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/new-england-patriots-to-unveil-tom-brady-statue-before-preseason-game-on-aug-8-173613094.html
Tom Brady still has to wait a few years before he can wear a gold jacket. He'll be in bronze this summer, though.
The New England Patriots announced Thursday that they will unveil a Brady statue at Gillette Stadium on Aug. 8 before their preseason game against the Washington Commanders.
A legacy etched in bronze forever. @TomBrady ’s statue will be unveiled on 8/8 prior to Patriots vs. Commanders. pic.twitter.com/mRfKkbqC7i
While Brady finished his storybook career with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, even claiming his seventh and final Super Bowl victory with the NFC South club, he spent 20 of his 23 seasons in the NFL with the Patriots.
New England famously selected Brady out of Michigan with the 199th overall pick in the sixth round of the 2000 NFL Draft. He went on to outplay not only the six quarterbacks who were taken before him that year, but also every quarterback who's ever taken the field.
Initially a feel-good story, Brady turned the Patriots into the league's greatest supervillain, ushering in the sport's most dominant dynasty to date — a six-Super Bowl reign that spanned two decades.
Along the way, Brady also collected nine AFC championships and a whopping 17 AFC East titles. The three-time NFL MVP is the league's all-time leader in wins (251), Pro Bowl selections (15), Super Bowl MVPs (5), passing yards (89,214) and passing touchdowns (649).

When the lights shone the brightest, Brady was at his best. He engineered 59 fourth-quarter victories after his team was either tied or trailing. Plus, no player has more seasons with a postseason appearance than he does.
Brady made the playoffs 20 times. Additionally, he's atop the league's all-time postseason leaderboard for wins (35), games started (48), Super Bowl appearances (10), Super Bowl wins (7), completions (1,200), passing yards (13,400), passing touchdowns (88), game-winning drives (14) and fourth-quarter comebacks (9).
The Patriots Hall of Fame waived its usual four-year waiting period and inducted Brady in front of a sold-out Gillette Stadium on June 12, 2024 .

Shemar Stewart leaves Bengals minicamp amid rookie contract dispute
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/shemar-stewart-leaves-bengals-minicamp-amid-rookie-contract-dispute-151647444.html
Shemar Stewart, the 17th overall pick in the 2025 NFL Draft, has left the Cincinnati Bengals' minicamp, as he and the team remain in conflict over his rookie contract.
On Thursday morning, Adam Schefter reported that the defensive end had exited the mandatory minicamp due to his impasse with the team. Stewart has been present through the minicamp, though he has avoided on-field work amidst the frustrating negotiations.
Stewart's departure was not in violation of any rules, as he is not under contract with the Bengals. Pro Football Talk reported that an obscure clause potentially jeopardizing the latter years of his four-year rookie deal caused the standoff. Mike Florio notes that the team is "trying to change their usual language regarding the voiding of guarantees to extend the consequences of a default in the current year to all future years."
The 21-year-old insisted that his contract language should not be any different than tackle Amarius Mims, who was the Bengals' first-round pick last year. It was also noted that Stewart was drafted higher than Mims, who was picked 18th.
“I thought I would be on the field by now.” #Bengals first round pick Shemar Stewart on his contract situation pic.twitter.com/AxQpbh5cl0
"I'm 100% right. I'm not asking for nothing y'all have never done before. But in y'all case, y'all just want to win arguments [more] than winning more games," Stewart said, per Sports Illustrated's Jay Morrison.
"I've been doing this for most of my whole life, and then all of a sudden it's gone over something very simple to fix," Stewart said, per Kelsey Conway on Tuesday. "It's kind of disappointing."
"I can't say what I really want to say," Stewart said, "but it's their contract. They can do what they want with it."
Pro Football Talk added that his exit was not directly related to the failure to get on the same page with the front office, but an effort not to distract signed players.
When asked about the situation, Bengals head coach Zac Taylor said, "There's a first for everything."
“Every year, you kinda learn something new in this position, and this is just one of those things that the players have managed really well,” Taylor said.
Taylor also said his communication with Stewart has been good, and he wants the rookie on the field, per Cameron Wolfe of the NFL Network . However, Taylor is “not going to make any predictions” about when Stewart will be available.

Stewart has several options if he does not reach an agreement with the team. First, he could demand a trade before the window to trade an unsigned draft pick closes, 30 days before the season opener.
Second, he can wait until the Tuesday after Week 10 to sign with the team and play in 2025. Third, he can hold off on signing until the 2026 draft and re-enter the draft pool.
Stewart was selected by the Bengals after tallying 32 tackles and 1.5 sacks in his final year at Texas A&M. Cincinnati finished third in the AFC North with a 9-8 record in 2024.
Stewart's exit came after Bengals star Trey Hendrickson skipped minicamp — also due to contractual frustrations. The pass rusher sent another message to the Bengals amid the standoff, which will cost him a total of $104,768 in fines.
Hendrickson is heading into the last year of his contract and is set to make $15.8 million in base salary, according to Over The Cap . He is looking for an extension after a career-best season in which he recorded 33 tackles and an NFL-leading 17.5 sacks.

Shemar Stewart has left Bengals minicamp, and it's the team's fault for their ridiculous haggling
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/shemar-stewart-has-left-bengals-minicamp-and-its-the-teams-fault-for-their-ridiculous-haggling-142900781.html
Well, sometimes NFL mandatory minicamp can be interesting. The Cincinnati Bengals are the most recent source of June NFL Content™, currently having a back-and-forth with unsigned rookie defensive end Shemar Stewart that's gotten so bad Stewart left minicamp early on Thursday.
Stewart is one of a handful of unsigned first-round picks, along with Travis Hunter, Jahdae Barron and Maxwell Hairston. However, none of those players have turned to the public for their negotiations with their new teams.
That’s where Stewart has differed from his draft class brethren — and the Bengals have now caused Stewart to miss a bunch of valuable offseason opportunities.
According to Kelsey Conway of the Cincinnati Enquirer, Stewart would like his contract language to resemble the language of the Bengals’ recent first-round picks. Seems like a pretty innocuous request. Since the 2011 collective bargaining agreement instituted the rookie wage scale, there really isn’t much wiggle room for negotiation on these deals. The rookie contract holdout that used to be prevalent in the league prior to 2011 has largely been eliminated, leading to situations that appear to be as sour as Stewart’s becoming more and more rare.

"I'm 100 percent right. I'm not asking for nothing y'all have never done before,” Stewart said, according to Jay Morrison of Sports Illustrated. “But in y'all case, y'all just want to win arguments (more) than winning more games."
Stewart said he thought he would be on the field by now to start working on his game, but instead he missed mandatory minicamp and organized team activities while this contract situation resolves itself. Stewart was in meetings and studied his playbook, but he understandably avoided on-field work for now to decrease his risk of injury.
Assuming Stewart and his camp are being truthful in their side of events, there’s really no reason for the Bengals to be haggling like this. They have cap space. The 18th overall pick isn’t a very hefty contract. And, most importantly, Stewart really needs the practice reps in order to quickly live up to the standard of a first-round pick.
He didn’t have much by the way of college production at Texas A&M and clearly has a ways to go before becoming a down-to-down impact player in the NFL. The athleticism is there in droves, but daily practice reps are what a player like Stewart needs. Considering that the Bengals are going to be in a Super Bowl window as long as they have the offensive firepower they do, they need to get this across the finish line to have an important piece of their defense ready for training camp in July.
Cincinnati also has a new defensive coordinator in Al Golden. Golden needs the defense at full strength if he’s going to be able to replicate in the NFL the success he had at Notre Dame last season. According to TruMedia, the Bengals were 30th in defensive success rate and 29th in expected points allowed per play. That’s not going to cut it if the Bengals want to reverse their luck from last year and get into the postseason that they barely missed last season.
Don’t miss the forest for the trees! This is a middle-of-the-first-round rookie contract! Just do a little capitulating, get it signed and keep it moving come training camp. It's the best plan for everyone involved and removes a big distraction for a crucial season in Cincinnati.

Christian McCaffrey says he feels 'great' after 49ers minicamp on heels of injury-plagued season
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/breaking-news/article/christian-mccaffrey-says-he-feels-great-after-49ers-minicamp-on-heels-of-injury-plagued-season-223148371.html
Christian McCaffrey's health will be one of the biggest 49ers storylines heading into the 2025 NFL season.
When healthy, McCaffrey is one of the most dynamic weapons in football, an offensive talent who can make the difference for a good team contending for a Super Bowl.
But injuries have limited McCaffrey to seven or fewer games in four of his 10 NFL seasons. One of those seasons was 2024, when a calf/Achilles injury suffered in training camp lingered throughout the season. That and a PCL injury suffered in Week 12 against the Buffalo Bills limited McCaffrey to four games.
The 49ers wrapped two days of minicamp Wednesday on the heels of multiple OTA sessions since May. McCaffrey has been a participant throughout. And he's optimistic about his health heading into the 2025 season.
McCaffrey was asked Wednesday if he feels any pain or has any lingering concern from the Achilles injury that limited him so much in 2024.
Christian McCaffrey was asked if there’s any pain or concern about his Achilles injury from last season: “No, I feel great.” 🎥: @957thegame pic.twitter.com/MFmcxqxCr0
"No, I feel great," McCaffrey said. "This offseason, I spent a lot of time kind of building back a base starting from scratch. A lot of it was rehab. I wanted to put myself in a position where I didn't miss a day of OTAs and I could practice and play football again and be healthy and not miss a day.
"I did that. And now we can kind of kick back up to training again. But, I feel great."
That's great news for the 49ers and their fans.
The last time McCaffrey played a relatively healthy season was in 2023. In 16 games, he led the league in rushing (1,459 yards), yards from scrimmage (2,023) and total touchdowns (21) en route to his third All-Pro selection and Offensive Player of the Year honors. The 49ers finished 12-5, won the NFC West and advanced to the Super Bowl.

With McCaffrey limited to four games last season, the 49ers fell to last place in their division and missed the playoffs at 6-11. McCaffrey's absence wasn't the only issue ailing the 49ers, who fell short of expectations across the board, most notably with a defense that allowed 25.6 points per game. But it didn't help.
The 49ers are hoping to bounce back from last season's unexpected slide and back into the Super Bowl picture. Having a healthy McCaffrey who can still produce at 29 years old will be key to those hopes.

Joey Bosa recovering from calf injury, expects to be ready for training camp
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/joey-bosa-recovering-from-calf-injury-expects-to-be-ready-for-training-camp-211220828.html
Buffalo Bills defensive end Joey Bosa is working his way back from a calf injury he suffered during a team workout in May .
Bosa said he's being cautious in sitting out mandatory minicamp practice, but he believes he'll be full go by training camp in July, Ryan O'Halloran of The Buffalo News reported Wednesday .
The ex-Los Angeles Chargers sack artist did, however, work out in front of reporters in Orchard Park on Wednesday, putting his recovery progress on display.
Here’s Joey Bosa working with a resistance rope and attachment pic.twitter.com/T9tg4SQUFI
Bills DE Joey Bosa did a little more work on the side today. Bosa is dealing with a calf injury. pic.twitter.com/IzJlEln7o3
Bosa turned a new page when he joined the Bills this spring, except he's still fighting the narrative that he can't stay healthy.
The 29-year-old, who will turn 30 in July, hasn't played a full season since 2019. In the last three seasons alone, Bosa has missed 23 regular-season games. And, although he missed only three regular-season games in 2024, he recorded a mere 22 total tackles and just five sacks. His 39 pressures ranked tied for 46th among all edge players last season, according to Pro Football Focus.

The Chargers, who drafted Bosa No. 3 overall out of Ohio State in 2016, released the five-time Pro Bowler in March.
He then signed a one-year, $12.61 million contract with the Bills, with $12 million of that deal guaranteed. Buffalo is hoping Bosa can stay healthy and rediscover at least some of the success he enjoyed early in his career with the Chargers.

Bosa stacked four double-digit sack seasons out west, including one as recent as 2021. Now he'll have a chance to play for an AFC contender that's been pounding on the door of the Super Bowl the last few years.
Bosa was part of just one playoff win in his nine seasons with the Chargers. The Bills have made it to the AFC championship twice in the past five seasons.
Buffalo released veteran pass rusher Von Miller this offseason and added Bosa. The Bills are betting on Bosa to supplement the efforts of younger defensive ends Greg Rousseau and A.J. Epenesa.

Move over, Jalen Hurts: Saquon Barkley leads NFL in player merchandise sales during historic 2024 season
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/move-over-jalen-hurts-saquon-barkley-leads-nfl-in-player-merchandise-sales-during-historic-2024-season-183901013.html
The 2024 NFL season might be over, but Philadelphia Eagles running back Saquon Barkley continues to top statistical leaderboards. Barkley led all NFL players in merchandise sales during his debut season with the Eagles, the NFLPA announced Wednesday.
In doing so, he dethroned teammate Jalen Hurts, who led the NFL in merch sales during the 2023 season. The Eagles have been well-represented on that list that past two seasons, as center Jason Kelce ranked second in merch sales in 2023.
Hurts didn't fall too far behind Barkley on the 2024 list , which included player sales between March 1, 2024, and February 28, 2025. The Eagles' quarterback finished third in merch sales last season, behind Barkley and Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes.
It shouldn't come as a surprise NFL fans rushed out to buy Barkley merchandise last season. In his first year with the Eagles, Barkley put up historic numbers. The 28-year-old rushed for an incredible 2,005 yards in 16 games, becoming only the ninth running back to reach the milestone. He scored 13 rushing touchdowns — and two receiving touchdowns — and helped lead the Eagles to a Super Bowl win.
Here's how the rest of the top-10 shook out:
1. Saquon Barkley, RB, Philadelphia Eagles
2. Patrick Mahomes, QB, Kansas City Chiefs
3. Jalen Hurts, QB, Philadelphia Eagles
4. Jayden Daniels, QB, Washington Commanders
5. C.J. Stroud, QB, Houston Texans
6. Josh Allen, QB, Buffalo Bills
7. Aidan Hutchinson, DE, Detroit Lions
8. Amon-Ra St. Brown, WR, Detroit Lions
9. Micah Parsons, OLB, Dallas Cowboys
10. Justin Jefferson, WR, Minnesota Vikings
Very few names on that list should come as a surprise. Those 10 players are among the best and most popular in the NFL. It's notable, however, that Barkley is the only running back in the top 10. The next highest running back on the list was San Francisco 49ers star Christian McCaffrey, who came in at No. 15.
Due to a fantastic rookie season, Jayden Daniels ranked fourth on the list. That figure easily led all rookies, with Chicago Bears quarterback Caleb Williams ranking No. 13.

The list also marks the third year in a row a different player has led the NFL in player merch. The last player to repeat at the top of the list was Tom Brady, who led it in both 2021 and 2022.
With Brady's playing days behind him, a different player could steal the title from Barkley next season. While smart money is on an already established superstar, maybe Cam Ward or Travis Hunter will see his name near the top of next year's list if he plays up to his potential immediately.

Bill Belichick doesn't think outside distractions will be an issue at UNC: 'We've always dealt with that'
https://sports.yahoo.com/college-football/article/bill-belichick-doesnt-think-outside-distractions-will-be-an-issue-at-unc-weve-always-dealt-with-that-143619484.html
It's been easy to forget considering everything else going on in his life, but Bill Belichick is going to coach at the University of North Carolina this season. Belichick answered questions about the team — and his personal life — during a press conference Tuesday.
While most of the questions focused on UNC's team, Belichick was asked about girlfriend Jordon Hudson, and how much attention their relationship has received. In typical Belichick fashion, he downplayed the issue and focused on football.
"Is there noise out there? We've always dealt with that. Really, our job is to build the football team ... help build the team and also build their individual careers. That's really where we are at."
Belichick was also asked whether he would have returned to coaching if he knew his personal life was going to be a big story. Again, he downplayed the issue, saying a lot of the "noise" is a result of his book, which he worked on while he was away from coaching. He quipped that he hopes the book will be a "big purchase on Father's Day."
When asked whether Hudson will appear on the sideline during North Carolina games, Belichick said that would not be the case before turning the answer to football.
"She doesn't have any role in the UNC football program, but again there's been noise out there about a lot of different things. Again, our focus is day-to-day getting better, stacking good days together."
Those types of answers should sound pretty familiar to anyone who followed Belichick's NFL career. Belichick was famous for focusing solely on football and not allowing outside noise to affect his team. The Patriots and Belichick handled a handful of scandals during his tenure as head coach, including Deflategate and Spygate. The team never missed a beat despite those scandals.

With the Patriots, Belichick was rarely the reason for those outside distractions. That isn't the case this time around, where Belichick's relationship with Hudson has led to both questions and confusion .
In the end, it might not matter. Belichick has a knack for shutting down outside noise. If he can do that and turn in a successful season at UNC, it won't be long before things change and he's gruffly telling reporters, "We're on to Georgia Tech," after he gets asked a football question he doesn't want to answer.

Chargers coach Jim Harbaugh good to go after heart procedure, hip replacement: ‘Got an A-grade’
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/chargers-coach-jim-harbaugh-good-to-go-after-heart-procedure-hip-replacement-got-an-a-grade-034614228.html
After undergoing a pair of procedures this offseason, Jim Harbaugh is good to go.
The Los Angeles Chargers head coach confirmed Tuesday that he had a hip replacement and a cardiac ablation this offseason , and that “everything’s good.”
“Had a hip replaced and a heart ablation, and now the doctors can’t find anything wrong with me,” he said . “Got an A-grade.”
The 61-year-old head coach had multiple health scares last season, which was his first back in the league after he led Michigan to a national championship at the college level. Harbaugh had been walking with a significant limp near the end of the season, but he struggled to move on the sideline during L.A.'s postseason loss to the Houston Texans. It’s unclear what prompted that injury, if anything, though it led to his hip replacement.
Harbaugh also briefly left the Chargers’ matchup with the Denver Broncos last October with what ended up being an atrial flutter, which is a type of arrhythmia. Harbaugh was treated by paramedics at the stadium and then returned to the game.
The atrial flutter was the third that Harbaugh has experienced in his life. The first came in 1999, and it happened again ahead of a game in 2012 when he was the head coach of the San Francisco 49ers. Harbaugh has undergone an ablation procedure each time, which destroys the tissue that causes abnormal electrical signals in the heart.

The Chargers went 11-6 under Harbaugh’s watch last season and they made the playoffs for the second time in three years. The team, which will open its season against the Kansas City Chiefs on Sept. 5, started its mandatory minicamp Tuesday.
While Harbaugh has dealt with significant health issues in recent years, he’s not anywhere close to wanting to retire.
“It would take my heart stopping for me not to be out there on the sidelines,” he said in October .

Is Shedeur Sanders open to advice? Is Joe Flacco willing to mentor? As Browns’ unusual QB battle stretches on, minicamp debut answers both questions
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/is-shedeur-sanders-open-to-advice-is-joe-flacco-willing-to-mentor-as-browns-unusual-qb-battle-stretches-on-minicamp-debut-answers-both-questions-000656832.html
BEREA, Ohio — As the Cleveland Browns ’ 11-on-11 drills wrapped, Shedeur Sanders finished his final drive and beelined to offensive coordinator Tommy Rees.
The fifth-round rookie quarterback fielded an imaginary snap and dropped back. He extended his arm as if to confirm the line of vision expected next.
The rookie quarterback was animated Tuesday afternoon as his coach shared the clearest path to improvement.
But what happened after the coach-player interaction was even more interesting.
While Rees and Sanders were recapping the performance of the Browns’ currently last-to-get-snaps quarterback, the three players competing against him in an unusually wide-open quarterback battle had assembled on the sideline between the two practice fields in anticipation of a film review with an on-field projector.
Eighteen-year veteran Joe Flacco knelt. The 20th overall pick of the 2022 NFL Draft, Kenny Pickett , stood ready to go with helmet still fastened. And Sanders’ fellow 2025 draft classmate Dillon Gabriel — whom the Browns selected in the third round, 50 picks before Sanders — stationed himself right in front of the projector screen.
As Sanders arrived, Flacco pulled himself up from the kneel.
He was ready to help.
His attention directed toward Sanders, Flacco illustrated a wrist flick and a rollout; a dropback and a windup. Coach-led film review was in motion, but why rely on just one voice to weigh in? Flacco, despite his recent insistence that as a competitor he’s not looking primarily to mentor , didn’t leave the teaching to his coaches. And Sanders, despite already breaking down his latest reps with his coordinator, wasn’t content to stop learning there.
As Browns QBs pull up film to review on sideline of practice, Joe Flacco appears to be giving Shedeur Sanders advice after Shedeur’s 11-on-11 work pic.twitter.com/QR0nNKguUF
“I’d be dumb, I’d be a fool to not get insight from somebody that’s had success over all the years that he’s had,” Sanders said after practice ended. “I never feel, I would say, full. I would say I’m always hungry.”
The Browns’ four competing quarterbacks all looked hungry in their first mandatory minicamp practice on Tuesday. But they also looked surprisingly jovial and well-adjusted in relating to one another, alternating the order in which they took drills and the number of snaps they received.
Competitive? Sure, the quarterbacks fed that energy. But combative they weren’t. The rookies showed deference to Flacco and Pickett, who clearly led the group even on a day when Flacco had “fewer reps today … obviously on purpose,” per head coach Kevin Stefanski, who leads the charge to evaluate the relative merits of the Browns’ four healthy quarterbacks ( Deshaun Watson is in meetings but sidelined with injury).
Flacco appeared to approach his coach-imposed limitations with the mindset Sanders has applied to his seemingly low-on-the-depth-chart opportunity.
“You could view things as you not getting reps in a negative way or you could view it as, ‘OK, when it's my time to get out there, let's be proactive and let's get warm, let's get going,’” Sanders said. “Nobody cares how many reps you got whenever you get in the game. Nobody cares if you took a snap before.
“Everybody cares about production.”
After a roughly 11:30 a.m. stretching period, four Browns quarterbacks joined their team’s running backs for footwork drills.
Pickett was the first quarterback to cycle through the drill that challenged ball security, precision and agility. Three running backs preceded Flacco, Sanders following, and later Gabriel after a host more backs. Pickett again took the first quarterback swing on the reverse run through obstacles, though this time Sanders let Gabriel and several running backs who’d gone later than him jump in line.
Hello from Browns minicamp! Where QBs are joining RBs today in footwork drills pic.twitter.com/S8SBogZJGb
Quarterback-center exchanges, routes on air to running backs, and then routes on air to receivers and tight ends followed.
A pass from Sanders to rookie running back Dylan Sampson hit the running back low, but Sampson caught it.
In individual drills, the two veteran QBs continued to work with the top targets. Pickett and Flacco threw simultaneous routes before the rookies alternated. Even on the drills favoring the offense, some balls were batted by defenders. The highlight of 7-on-7 periods was a deep completion from Sanders to undrafted free-agent receiver Gage Larvadain , who beat the defenders asked to take the final-string snaps for a touchdown.
Shedeur Sanders just completed it deep in 7 on 7 to WR Gabe Larvadain pic.twitter.com/jjnmzZhZNh
Did Sanders’ later-rep chances position him against easier competition than Gabriel, who faced first- and second-team defenders on Tuesday?
The Oregon product wasn’t losing sleep over the learn-on-the-job task being asked of him. Mastering a playbook is about “progression and regression,” he said.
“How can you create value right away today?” Gabriel explained his approach. “Everyone in this game sees themselves as starters and that belief of self is why a lot of guys are in the NFL. Failure creates growth — but we are in a production-based business, so it’s hard for people to balance that.”
Gabriel demonstrated some of that growth in red-zone drills when he hit second-year receiver Jamari Thrash in the back corner of the end zone.
“Man-beating play, but to be able to create leverage and win in zone coverage, it allows it to be a lot easier on my end,” Gabriel said. “And then him making an outstanding catch.”
Browns coaches hope an increase in snaps (thanks to running “two-spot” simultaneous drills that teams without a quarterback competition often don’t facilitate) and physical demands prepare their team for the gauntlet that will be the AFC North, even if most minicamp drills won’t accurately resemble the speed or physicality of game play.
What will it take to nourish comfort in uncomfortable pockets? The Browns scripted Tuesday periods for 7-on-7 drills, 11-on-11 drills and a modified 7-on-7 period with offensive linemen running games and stunts to simulate pocket play despite not actually integrating all 11 players.
“It’s playing on time, it’s understanding spatial awareness, it's feeling where the guards are going to be, where the tackles could be,” Stefanski explained the drill’s purpose. “It's finding lanes to throw. You have a shallow cross coming from left to right, you can find that lane and the B-gap and the C-gap as it moves across. So just trying to give them a little visual.
“It's valuable.”


Tuesday, Cleveland’s quarterback goals heavily emphasized developing its rookie quarterbacks. There seemed to be a tacit understanding that the team knows what it has in 40-year-old Flacco. It knows much of what it has in Pickett, and perhaps much of what it will learn before full-pads practices.
Club brass knows how far rookies, especially rookie quarterbacks, have to come.
So 89 days removed from the Browns’ season opener wasn’t the time to settle the Week 1 depth chart or make final decisions. The practice script seemed geared instead to lift all boats by solidifying the rookies’ foundation.
Gabriel valued that approach.
“You have to have a process behind it to be able to create consistent results,” he said. “And I think whether it's a microwave mentality or that Amazon lifestyle of wanting it right away, sometimes it's just not the case. So being able to have a process, stick to it, continue to listen to your coaches and try to get better that way — that's what I want to do."
He knows, after 64 college games across six seasons and three colleges, that adjusting to a new system takes time and is better done well than immediately. The 18,722 yards, 155 touchdowns and 32 picks he threw across UCF, Oklahoma and Oregon resulted from his patience.
“Amazon Prime, you get on your phone and you order it, it's there to you right away,” Gabriel said. “I'm not saying we should wait seven days, but I'm just saying sometimes there's some work within that or a microwave just heating your food up in 30 seconds rather than cutting it up, seeing the process of it [where] you learn more.”
Browns putting a lot on rookie QB Dillon Gabriel’s plate but he wants that starter-like treatment. Gabriel says everyone in the NFL, which would of course include himself, believe they’re starter-caliber: pic.twitter.com/Tz4GbbBs0J
Sanders also spoke about the benefit of patience, from the spiritual growth he said he’s cultivated since the Browns selected him in the fifth round of the draft to the mindset he is adopting as he watches first-team snaps from the sideline.
“My goal is to be the best teammate and to be as polished as I can be in every aspect,” Sanders said. “I view things as: I got time. I got time to be able to grow and mature and be able to understand the ins and outs of the defenses and be able to get the good insight from the vets in the room.”
Growth at the college level molded a 50-game college career during which Sanders completed 70.1% of passes for 14,347 yards, 134 touchdowns and 27 interceptions in four total seasons across Jackson State and Colorado.
At the NFL level, it could yield a professional backup or starter role — goals that could materialize this season or later on.
For now, Sanders is listening. He’s listening to his coaches and his teammates, the veteran quarterbacks and to his intuition. Earlier this week, he was listening in on conversations with pastors — and, he says, in conversation with God.
The conversation prompted Sanders to tweet at 1:57 a.m. Tuesday: “It’s a spiritual war going on. Trust in GOD.” He slept with his flashlight on, Sanders said.
It’s a spiritual war going on. Trust in GOD
Then he returned to another kind of light, the spotlight, on Tuesday — sharing the attention quarterbacks naturally receive with Flacco, Pickett and Gabriel.
The rookies jabbed at Flacco for his age, listened to their veteran counterparts on red-zone perspective and footwork alterations, and even collected input from defenders on how they interpreted the quarterbacks’ moves.
Edge rusher Myles Garrett praised Gabriel for running the offense with composure before zooming out, as is franchise standard right now, to the whole room.
“All of them look pretty calm, just going through their checks and going through their calls,” Garrett said. “Making the plays they need to make, not doing too much right now. They’ll have time to continue to display their talents.
“Continue to earn the trust of your teammates and coaches, and I think they’ll be able to open up the game.”

Colts ownership passes to all 3 of Jim Irsay's daughters, with Carlie Irsay-Gordon taking over as CEO
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/colts-ownership-passes-to-all-3-of-jim-irsays-daughters-with-carlie-irsay-gordon-taking-over-as-ceo-191841916.html
The Indianapolis Colts announced their new organizational structure Monday following the death of former owner Jim Irsay . All three of Irsay's daughters — Carlie Irsay-Gordon, Casey Foyt and Kalen Jackson — will serve as owners with the franchise.
While Irsay-Gordon, Foyt and Jackson will have ownership status with the club, Irsay-Gordon will assume the role of CEO. She will serve as the team's " principal owner ," per a team statement. The team added these new roles were "longstanding plans set forth by Jim Irsay."
Jim Irsay died in May. He was 65.
"This is our business and we take it very seriously," Irsay-Gordon, the team's CEO and principal owner, said on Tuesday, via ESPN's Stephen Holder . "As we discussed, we know we have some things to fix. But I think we're just doubling down and we're going to work tirelessly to make sure we continue the legacy."
The Colts have been owned by the Irsay family since 1972. Jim's father, Robert, initially purchased the Baltimore Colts that year. After 12 years in Baltimore, Robert Irsay moved the team to Indianapolis. Jim assumed team ownership after Robert died in 1997.
Under Jim Irsay's ownership, the Colts reached the postseason in 16 of 28 seasons. The club made it to the Super Bowl twice, winning one championship. Much of the success during Irsay's tenure can be attributed to quarterback Peyton Manning, who was taken No. 1 overall by the team in the 1998 NFL Draft. Manning spent 13 years with the Colts, leading the team to the playoffs 11 times.

Following Manning's departure, the Colts drafted Andrew Luck with the No. 1 overall pick in the 2012 NFL Draft. Luck led the team to the playoffs in four out of six seasons before his shocking retirement in 2019.
Since Luck's retirement, the franchise has been desperate to find its quarterback of the future. While Philip Rivers did lead the Colts to a playoff appearance in 2020, the team hasn't found its way to the postseason since. Indianapolis selected Anthony Richardson with the No. 4 overall pick in the 2023 NFL Draft, but the quarterback hasn't progressed as expected and is already dealing with shoulder issues this offseason. Irsay-Gordon could be tasked with finding the Colts' quarterback of the future if Richardson struggles again in 2025.
"[General manager Chris Ballard and head coach Shane Steichen] know that they have things they need to fix," Irsay-Gordon said. "We talked about not micromanaging people but, also, we have a standard here and it hasn't been good enough. Winning is great. But I would even take it a step further and saying we're really committed to being the best and if we're the best, we will win games. And I think Chris and Shane are totally capable of doing that and we're confident that they can."
Irsay-Gordon, Foyt and Jackson have all held roles with the team since the 2012 season. With Monday's changes, Foyt will serve as the owner and executive vice president with the club. Jackson will be the owner and chief brand officer and serve as the president of the Indianapolis Colts foundation.

Joe Burrow confirms Trey Hendrickson skipping minicamp is a Bengals distraction
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/joe-burrow-confirms-trey-hendrickson-skipping-minicamp-is-a-bengals-distraction-221610715.html
Joe Burrow was asked Tuesday if Cincinnati Bengals defensive end Trey Hendrickson skipping mandatory minicamp is a distraction.
"Of course. Of course," Burrow said without hesitation , via WCPO 9 in Cincinnati.
"Last year, we had two. This year, we have one. So we do have less. You'd love to have none, but that's life in the NFL. We're all supporting Trey and would love for him to be back."
As Burrow alluded to, this time last year, his top two receivers, Ja'Marr Chase and Tee Higgins, were both working through contract issues. However, back in March, they each finally inked mega-contracts with the organization: Chase's a four-year extension worth $161 million and Higgins' a four-year, $115 million deal.
"Definitely less distractions than last year," Burrow said. He added, in reference to Chase and Higgins:
"Those guys are out there working. I know last year they were out there working on their own, not being here. But when you have those two guys — guys that bring energy, guys that make incredible plays day in and day out, and they're going to grind just as hard as everybody else — that permeates throughout the team."
Chase put up video game numbers last season, becoming just the sixth receiver since the merger to win the NFL Triple Crown with a league-leading 127 receptions, 1,708 receiving yards and 17 touchdowns. Despite playing only 12 games, Higgins nearly hit the 1,000-yard receiving mark for the third time in his career — he did so while notching a career-high 10 touchdowns.
Hendrickson, meanwhile, has yet to get the payday he's been looking for from the Bengals, despite a productive run of his own.
The 30-year-old Florida Atlantic product is coming off back-to-back monster seasons. He earned first-team All-Pro honors after leading the NFL with 17.5 sacks in 2024. In 2023, he tied for second in the league with that same single-season total, 17.5 sacks.

Following a four-year stay with the New Orleans Saints, who drafted him in the third round in 2017, Hendrickson signed with the Bengals in 2021. Since then, he's made four straight Pro Bowls while tallying 57 total sacks.
Hendrickson is looking for a long-term contract, but the two sides have so far been unable to come to terms this offseason.
The Bengals' other potential starting defensive end, Shemar Stewart, still hasn't signed his rookie deal yet. This year's No. 17 overall pick out of Texas A&M, Stewart is in attendance for minicamp, though he isn't practicing with the team.
Stewart is one of five first-round picks who haven't signed their rookie contracts yet. The others are Jaguars wide receiver/cornerback Travis Hunter (selected No. 2 overall), Broncos cornerback Jahdae Barron (No. 20), Bills cornerback Maxwell Hairston (No. 30) and Eagles linebacker Jihaad Campbell (No. 31).

Stewart, though, has been in the spotlight off the field, especially Tuesday when he sounded off about his contract dispute with the Bengals.
"I'm 100% right. I'm not asking for nothing y'all have never done before. But in y'all case, y'all just want to win arguments (more) than winning more games," Stewart said, per Sports Illustrated's Jay Morrison .
Cincinnati is desperately hoping for a bounce-back season defensively in 2025 after allowing 25.5 points per game this past season. But right now, they're down a star and another potential starter at one of the league's most premier positions because of contract complications.

Micah Parsons will attend Cowboys training camp with or without a contract extension: 'I'll be out there'
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/micah-parsons-will-attend-cowboys-training-camp-with-or-without-a-contract-extension-ill-be-out-there-214451917.html
Micah Parsons confirmed that he would attend the Dallas Cowboys training camp in Oxnard, California, in August, even if he and the team do not reach a new contractual agreement. The statement comes as the pass rusher attempts to negotiate a new deal in Dallas.
On Tuesday, Parsons was present at the Cowboys mandatory minicamp and told media members, “I’ll be out there.”
Parsons did not clarify if he would be participating in the Oxnard camps despite guaranteeing his presence. He also did not participate in drills Tuesday despite addressing the media . According to The Athletic's Jon Machota , Parsons mentioned a lengthy meeting with team owner Jerry Jones in which his contract was not discussed.
I will be there! I haven’t missed a mini camp in 4 years! Even though the contract is not done, I have teammates and a playbook ! I’m preparing as if I will be on the field the first week of camp! But it’s in the owner’s hands. I’m ready to win a Super Bowl ! https://t.co/gMsfQEDYo7
The Cowboys' minicamp runs through Thursday, meaning Parsons may get an answer about his contract over the next 48 hours.
Before Tuesday, Parsons made a social media statement that had fans wondering if he was foreshadowing a training camp holdout.
“Even though the contract is not done, I have teammates and a playbook!” Parsons posted on X . ”I’m preparing as if I will be on the field the first week of camp! But it’s in the owner’s hands. I’m ready to win a Super Bowl."

Parsons is currently under the fifth-year option of his rookie contract — one that reportedly has designated him as a defensive end, rather than a linebacker (a designation worth $24 million) — which will pay him $21.3 million guaranteed in 2025. In his fourth year with America's Team, the 26-year-old tallied 30 solo and 13 assisted tackles with 12 sacks.
Unfortunately, after three straight 12-5 seasons, the Cowboys had a tragic 7-10 record and missed the playoffs for the first time since 2021. The brutal ending led to the Cowboys firing coach Mike McCarthy after five seasons. The head coach was replaced by Brian Schottenheimer, who assured Parsons his contractual limbo would be sorted out.

After Parsons called his new coach for a TikTok video, Schottenheimer commended Parsons' attitude over the situation.
“I know this is weird for everybody, but look, you’re handling everything the right way, bro,” Schottenheimer told Parsons. “This thing is going to get worked out.”

'All in': Aaron Rodgers, Steelers pledge commitment to one another
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/all-in-aaron-rodgers-steelers-pledge-commitment-to-one-another-213818936.html
PITTSBURGH — In the locker room of the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex, the offseason home of the Pittsburgh Steelers , veterans’ names are carved onto wood plaques affixed above their lockers. Most newcomers, on the other hand, have their names written on thick brown paper and tacked to their lockers. The implication is clear: In Pittsburgh, you’ve got to earn your permanence.
Most newcomers … but not all.
Over in one corner of the locker room, with an empty locker on one side and Pat Freiermuth on the other, sits the locker of Aaron Rodgers , four-time MVP, Super Bowl champion, and Steelers quarterback on a one-year deal. He’s been a Steeler for only less than a week, but that wood plaque bearing his name is already there.
The implication is clear: Pittsburgh is all in on Rodgers. And Rodgers, in return, says he’s all in on this team … even if he’s still finding his way around.
“Everything's new, it's like the first day of school,” he said Tuesday after Pittsburgh’s first mandatory minicamp practice. “I don't know a lot of guys' names. They don't have names on the back of the jerseys here. They don't have names on the doors and the media rooms. And I literally walk out of the locker room lost, trying to grab somebody: ‘Hey, where am I going?’”
Your first looks at 2025 Pittsburgh Steelers starting quarterback Aaron Rodgers. @YahooSports pic.twitter.com/qnAuCYm2nB

That question — where is Rodgers going? — vexed much of the NFL, and particularly Pittsburgh fans, for most of the past few months, ever since the Jets severed ties with Rodgers following a failed two-year experiment. Rodgers, in typically elliptical fashion, indicated that the time spent keeping the NFL, and especially the Steelers, waiting was necessary from a personal standpoint.
“A lot of decisions that I've made over my career and life from strictly the ego, even if they turn out well, are always unfulfilling,” Rodgers said. “But the decisions made from the soul are usually pretty fulfilling. So this was a decision that was best for my soul.”
"This was a decision that was best for my soul." Aaron Rodgers on why he joined the Pittsburgh Steelers 💛🖤 pic.twitter.com/rywFlOtmP6
Rodgers cryptically hinted that off-field matters kept him from committing to the Steelers any earlier than he did. “I was dealing with a lot of things in my personal life,” said Rodgers, who also revealed he got married this offseason. “Things improved a little bit, where I could be all in here with the guys.”
For Rodgers, there was one key factor that swayed him, one individual who pulled him toward Pittsburgh.
“It starts with Mike Tomlin. I’ve been a fan of his for a long time,” he said, adding, “There are a few iconic franchises. I played for one for 18 years; this is another. There’s something special about this area.”
Out on the practice field, as the Allegheny River rushed by on one side and trains rolled past at regular intervals on the other, Rodgers and the Steelers worked with a demeanor that was serious but not intense. It’s still early, after all. Everyone’s in shorts. And for the moment, Rodgers is in a contemplative mood.
“I just want to have fun. I want to enjoy the game. The game’s given me a ton,” he said. “It's hard to think of anything in my life that's positive that wasn't impacted, directly or indirectly, by playing this game. So I just want to give love back to the game, enjoy it, pass on my knowledge to my teammates, and try and find ways to help lead the team.”
The team is inclined to let him lead, even if some of the Steelers can’t quite believe they’re playing with, you know … Aaron Rodgers.
“Him being here for me is a dream come true,” Will Howard — one of those paper-name-plate rookies — said before practice. “I was 9 years old when he won the Super Bowl. At the '05 draft, I was 3 years old. I’ve been watching him pretty much my whole life.”
“It’s pretty cool,” center Zach Frazier said. “Myself as a younger kid would be pretty excited about that. I’m excited now.”
Frazier added that Rodgers had a message for the team: “All in, from now on.” (Rodgers, for his part, declined to reveal what he said to his teammates.)

The Steelers have committed themselves to Rodgers. And he, in turn, is committing himself to them this season. A cynic would say that neither side had any other real options — the Steelers haven’t won a playoff game since the 2016 season, and Rodgers has struggled to the point of irrelevance in recent years.
But this is summertime, when everyone is tied for first place and optimism runs high everywhere.
“I just want to be a servant leader here, and just pass on the knowledge that I have from 20 years of experience,” Rodgers said. “Just try and fit in with the guys, get to know them, let them get to know me. And just enjoy the process of it.”
The wins will come, or they won’t. The Steelers will post yet another .500-or-better season, or they won’t. It’s all up in the air right now for Rodgers and Pittsburgh, but for now, the mutual commitment is there.
“We’re excited about him being here. He’s excited about being here,” Tomlin said. “But we won’t make any bold predictions. We’ll just roll up our sleeves and let the effort do the talking.”


Falcons QB Kirk Cousins focusing on 'reality' that he's not an NFL starter: 'That's not the situation I'm in'
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/breaking-news/article/falcons-qb-kirk-cousins-focusing-on-reality-that-hes-not-an-nfl-starter-thats-not-the-situation-im-in-193505635.html
Kirk Cousins has started for almost the entirety of this 13-season NFL career.
And with a four-year, $180 million contract, including $100 million in guarantees, he's being paid by the Atlanta Falcons like a starting NFL quarterback. But he is, in fact, not a starter.
It's a fact that Cousins acknowledged on Tuesday when he showed up for Atlanta's mandatory minicamp, weeks after skipping Atlanta's voluntary OTAs.
Cousins spoke about his status with reporters.
"Obviously, you'd love to play," Cousins said. "But I'm not gonna dwell on things that aren't reality in terms of — that's not the situation I'm in.
"It's better spent to be focused on the situation that I'm in and controlling what you can control. I think that's the right mindset to have."
"Obviously you'd love to play, but I'm not going to dwell on things that aren't reality." Kirk Cousins weighing in on whether or not he would prefer to be somewhere he can start. #Falcons pic.twitter.com/vZ1T0DCkWI
The Falcons signed Cousins last offseason with the apparent intention of Cousins being their starter for multiple seasons. Then, weeks later, they selected Michael Penix Jr. with the No. 8 pick in the NFL Draft, throwing Atlanta's quarterback room into turmoil.
The job remained Cousins'. You don't sign a guy for $45 million per season then immediately put him on the bench. But Cousins struggled during his first season with the Falcons and lost his job late in the campaign. He enters offseason minicamp second on the Falcons depth chart to Penix .
Atlanta's offense flailed during a midseason, four-game losing streak in which Cousins threw zero touchdowns and eight interceptions. Cousins and Atlanta's offense struggled again as the Falcons squeaked by a bad Las Vegas Raiders team in Week 15, and head coach Raheem Morris had seen enough.
Morris named Penix the starter for Week 16, and the rookie quarterback spent the last three games of the season leading Atlanta's offense. In five appearances, including three starts, Penix completed 58.1% of his passes for 6.7 yards per attempt with three touchdowns and three interceptions.
Penix closed his rookie campaign with his best performance of the season, completing 21 of 38 passes for  312 yards with two touchdowns and one interception. The Falcons lost to the Carolina Panthers in overtime, 44-38. But Atlanta's offense showed signs of life that had disappeared at the end of Cousins' tenure as starter.
Penix is slated to be Atlanta' starter this season, leaving Cousins in limbo as a high-priced backup. Cousins, who has a no-trade clause in his contract, would presumably like to be somewhere that he can play. He said as much on Tuesday.
The Falcons would presumably prefer to have his contract off the books if they can swing a deal. But they seem content to keep him on the roster as Penix's backup in the absence of a deal as he's due $27.5 million in guaranteed money whether he's released or not.

There were salary cap incentives for the Falcons to wait until a June 1 deadline to trade Cousins. That deadline has passed, and the trade market for a 36-year-old Cousins who suffered a late-career Achilles injury playing on a $180 million contract isn't ripe.
The Pittsburgh Steelers were the last team without an established plan at quarterback, and they resolved that last week with the signing of Aaron Rodgers that was anticipated.
For now, Atlanta's best bet of trading Cousins is for an injury to occur elsewhere in the league.

Stefon Diggs speaks for first time since boat videos, declines to go into detail on what was in bag
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/stefon-diggs-speaks-for-first-time-since-boat-videos-declines-to-go-into-detail-on-what-was-in-bag-195103008.html
Stefon Diggs' tenure with the New England Patriots got off to a rocky start after videos emerged of the receiver partying on a yacht just ahead of voluntary workouts. Diggs didn't show up to those workouts at first, leading Patriots head coach Mike Vrabel to field questions about those videos.
Diggs did eventually show up , though he did not speak to the media about the incident. That changed Tuesday, when Diggs talked to reporters following the Patriots' mandatory minicamp.
Diggs, 31, was asked about those videos, including one in which he appeared to be handing out a baggie with unidentified contents . He declined to go into specifics about the situation, saying he spoke with Vrabel about the videos and was going to keep those conversations "internal."
Stefon Diggs meets with reporters for the first time since the boat video surfaced. What was in the bag? “Obviously it’s a conversation that’s happening internal,” he says. “I can’t have too much conversation about it.” pic.twitter.com/sBHbaTQtFn
When asked about the situation in May, Vrabel echoed that sentiment. He said the team was aware of the videos and had spoken with Diggs, but declined to reveal the nature of that conversation. Instead, Vrabel urged Patriots players to "make great decisions on and off the field."
After tearing his ACL in October, Diggs signed a three-year, $63.5 million deal with the Patriots in the offseason. While he did not want to discuss the boat videos, Diggs did talk about his recovery from that injury, saying he's "pretty good." Diggs added that he wanted to do more during minicamp Tuesday, but said, "I don't make the rules."
When Diggs is fully ready to get back on the field, he's expected to be a top receiving target for second-year quarterback Drake Maye. After a promising rookie season, Maye is looking to take a step forward and prove he's the quarterback of the future in New England.
A healthy Diggs should go a long way toward Maye accomplishing that goal. In eight games with the Houston Texans last season, Diggs had 496 receiving yards and scored three touchdowns.

Broncos reportedly signing former Chargers, Ravens RB J.K. Dobbins
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/breaking-news/article/broncos-reportedly-signing-former-chargers-ravens-rb-jk-dobbins-193802579.html
The Denver Broncos are signing former Los Angeles Chargers and Baltimore Ravens running back J.K. Dobbins, according to multiple reports .
Per NFL Network , Dobbins' contract is for one year and $5.25 million.
Dobbins, 26, is coming off a single season with the Chargers in which he bounced back successfully from a torn Achilles tendon . Dobbins previously played for parts of three injury-plagued seasons with the Baltimore Ravens.
Dobbins missed his entire second NFL season in 2021 with a devastating leg injury that included tears to his left ACL, LCL and meniscus. Dobbins was limited to eight games in 2022, then suffered a torn Achilles during Week 1 of the 2023 season. The injury ended his season and, ultimately, his tenure with the Ravens.
Dobbins was a force when healthy and averaged 5.8 yards per carry during his Ravens tenure. He signed a one-year, $1.6 million deal with the Chargers last offseason that was essentially a flyer. It paid off for the Chargers.

Dobbins played in 13 games for Los Angeles, including 11 starts. He tallied 1,058 yards from scrimmage and nine touchdowns while averaging 4.6 yards per carry as the Chargers' lead back.
Now he has a new deal with the rival Broncos that comes with a healthy pay raise.
Dobbins joins a Broncos backfield in search of an upgrade. Javonte Williams led Denver in rushing last season with 503 yards on 3.7 yards per carry. Williams signed with the Cowboys as a free agent, leaving Jaleel McLaughlin (496 yards, 4.4 ypc) and Audric Estime (310 yards, 4.1 ypc) as the top returning running back options.
The Broncos selected UCF running back R.J. Harvey in the second round of April's draft, a slot that suggests that he'll have a leg up on the starting job in Denver. He'll now have more competition for touches from an established veteran with the arrival of Dobbins.

Fantasy Football: Broncos bring in veteran RB J.K. Dobbins — but what does this mean for RJ Harvey?
https://sports.yahoo.com/fantasy/article/fantasy-football-broncos-bring-in-veteran-rb-jk-dobbins--but-what-does-this-mean-for-rj-harvey-200525502.html
The Denver Broncos are signing veteran running back J.K. Dobbins to a one-year contract, according to multiple reports on Tuesday .
Dobbins joins a crowded backfield that features rookie RB RJ Harvey, who was drafted in the second round of the 2025 NFL Draft. Harvey was expected to lead the backfield in front of Audric Estimé and Jaleel McLaughlin.

Dobbins, 26, is coming off a revival of a season with the Los Angeles Chargers in 2024, leading their backfield with 905 yards on 195 carries with nine touchdowns. Dobbins also added 32 receptions for 153 yards. The Chargers brought in Dobbins as a reclamation project after the Ohio State product had missed most of the past two seasons.
Dobbins was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the second round of the 2020 NFL Draft. In his rookie season in Baltimore, Dobbins rushed for 805 yards and nine TDs. Dobbins missed all of the 2021 NFL season due to a knee injury and would later tear his Achilles in Week 1 of the 2023 season.
[ Join or create a Yahoo Fantasy Football league for the 2025 NFL season ]
Here's what fantasy football analyst Scott Pianowski had to say on the Dobbins signing:
It's never a bad idea to add good football players and J.K. Dobbins can be a good football player at peak. I've long stopped believing he's ever going to be great, though. I think Denver adding Dobbins is more of a commentary on the support guys in their running back room, and not a strike against intriguing rookie, RJ Harvey. Keep in mind, Dobbins has played just 30 of a possible 68 games the last four years, and although he looked like an electric receiver at Ohio State, he hasn't been that guy in the NFL. If you were already a Harvey fan, this might be a good thing for you. The draft price might have gone down a bit. I don't know when the backfield might belong to Harvey, but looking on the season as a whole, he still feels like the guy to get.

Aaron Rodgers is a married man
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/aaron-rodgers-is-a-married-man-194322895.html
PITTSBURGH — There were plenty of storylines coming out of Pittsburgh Steelers camp Tuesday regarding their newest employee, one Aaron Charles Rodgers , but the biggest news might be this: Rodgers is a married man.
Speculation about Rodgers' marital status grew last week when, while signing his new one-year deal with the Steelers , Rodgers sported a black ring on his wedding finger. When asked about it during a news conference Tuesday, Rodgers confirmed the news.
"Yeah, it's a wedding ring," Rodgers said, nonchalantly, adding that he's been married now for "a couple months."
Aaron Rodgers says he’s been married for a few months pic.twitter.com/qPw8OjM9Ov
Not much is known about who Rodgers married. He dropped the name of a girlfriend named Brittani during an interview on "The Pat McAfee Show" in December. It's unclear if the woman he recently married is the same girlfriend.
For months, Rodgers kept the NFL world and most pointedly the Steelers guessing about his status for next season as he dealt with self-described personal matters, saying in May on "The Joe Rogan Experience" podcast that someone close to him is battling cancer.
Rodgers' personal life has been fodder for the tabloids (and sports pages) for years. He's dated actress Olivia Munn, race car driver Danica Patrick and was engaged for a period to actress Shailene Woodley.

Jarrian Jones, the Jaguars player Saquon Barkley hurdled, reacts to 'Madden 26' cover: 'I don't give a damn'
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/jarrian-jones-the-jaguars-player-saquon-barkley-hurdled-reacts-to-madden-26-cover-i-dont-give-a-damn-190644729.html
When you're on the wrong end of a legendary sports play, it can be hard to shake that reputation. Leon Lett is remembered for his Super Bowl fumble , Scott Norwood is known for his kick sailing wide right and Jacksonville Jaguars cornerback Jarrian Jones will be immortalized for being the victim of Saquon Barkley's backward hurdle.
Jones isn't a household name on the same level as Lett or Norwood, but it could be just a matter of time after that play was featured on the "Madden 26" cover . The video game cover art features Barkley hurdling a defender in a clear homage to that play. It's not an actual photo of the play, so Jones isn't featured on the cover, but it's a constant reminder of one of his most embarrassing moments on an NFL field.
That's not how Jones views it, though. Jones was asked about the "Madden 26" cover during minicamp Tuesday and gave a refreshing answer.
Jones praised Barkley for making an awesome play. Jones added he would happily be featured on the cover if it meant he got some money from EA Sports.
Video contains some NSFW language.
Jarrian Jones reacts to Madden cover. 👀 "S*** was kinda hard." pic.twitter.com/BONXf9oiTy
"I seen it and I was like 'damn, they didn't put my number on there?'" Jones said. "The play was fire, to me. Everybody DM'd me like I was going to be mad or something. I don't give a damn. He made a good play. It is what it is."
That's a good perspective from Jones, who is aiming to improve after a solid rookie season in 2024. Jones, a third-round pick by the Jaguars in the 2024 NFL Draft, racked up 40 combined tackles, two sacks and an interception.
Bigger things are expected from Jones this season. After starting four games as a rookie, Jones could see a much bigger workload in Year 2. While he might never shake being the player Barkley hurdled, he has plenty of opportunities to post excellent highlights of his own if he can keep building on an encouraging rookie season.

Steelers aren’t worried about Watt’s absence: ‘When T.J. shows up, he’ll be ready to go’
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/steelers-arent-worried-about-watts-absence-when-tj-shows-up-hell-be-ready-to-go-190424816.html
PITTSBURGH — As a new notable face made his black-and-gold debut on Tuesday at the Pittsburgh Steelers’ minicamp, a familiar veteran was notably absent.
Aaron Rodgers took his first snaps as a member of the Steelers. But just minutes before the first of three mandatory minicamps began, news broke that linebacker T.J. Watt would not be in attendance. Watt, a four-time first-team All-Pro and a Steeler mainstay, is in the final year of his current contract, and is seeking an extension.
If anyone on the Steelers sideline is worried, they did a fine job of hiding it.
“When T.J. shows up, he’ll be ready to go,” Steelers defensive coordinator Teryl Austin said Tuesday morning. He added that he’s been in contact with Watt throughout the summer. “He’s handling his business, he’s doing his thing. … We’ve texted this summer, not about football stuff, about how his family is doing, his new baby.”

Spinning a negative into a positive, Steelers coaches emphasized that Watt’s absence would give players like rookie Jack Sawyer and third-year Nick Herbig an opportunity to prove themselves in camp.
“It allows the younger guys to get more work, more reps against the first team,” Austin said. “It helps everybody, because now you have an opportunity to be an every-down guy, not just a third-down guy.”
Sawyer, an Ohio State hero last season, drew special praise from Austin. “He’s outstanding. Has all the football qualities you like and cherish around here.” Asked to give Sawyer a grade, Austin just smiled. “We’re in shorts right now,” he said. “I can give everybody an A at this point.”
Watt, who will turn 31 this season, is entering the final year of a four-year, $112 million contract. He’s scheduled to earn a base salary of $21.05 million in 2025. Last season, he recorded 11.5 sacks and forced a league-leading six fumbles while starting all 17 games.

What's concern level of T.J. Watt, Terry McLaurin, Trey Hendrickson and others holding out of minicamp?
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/whats-concern-level-of-tj-watt-terry-mclaurin-trey-hendrickson-and-others-holding-out-of-minicamp-182722522.html
It's early June in the NFL. An established veteran star missing a few days of minicamp isn't that big of a deal. But it might be a big deal when they're staying away looking for a new contract.
There are a few stars not in attendance at their team's mandatory minicamp , taking on fines to use whatever leverage they have to get a raise. Usually these standoffs get settled somehow, but as of now they are standoffs. Some players, like Kirk Cousins, James Cook and Micah Parsons, are attending minicamps even as they're not satisfied with their current situations.
Here's the level of concern on each high-profile minicamp holdout :
Hendrickson holding out of minicamp doesn't raise the level of concern because it was already high.
This is the Bengals we're talking about. Last year, Bengals owner Mike Brown stubbornly insisted that once training camp started it wasn't a good time to negotiate a new deal with Ja'Marr Chase, and that probably cost the organization millions when Chase won the receiving triple crown. The Bengals have a reputation of not wanting to pay, and it seems like they're trying to avoid giving a raise to Hendrickson after he led the NFL in sacks last season.
The problem is the Bengals' defense was bad last season and won't get better without Hendrickson. There weren't many huge additions to the defense this offseason and plenty of issues. The team just cut linebacker Germaine Pratt, a solid performer for them for six seasons. They're also in a strange contract standoff with first-round pick Shemar Stewart , who isn't practicing and said he thought he'd be on the field already. Cincinnati is trying to "set a new precedent" with rookie deals that allows the team to void future guarantees, according to the Cincinnati Enquirer , and Stewart is missing out on reps as a result. If Hendrickson is willing to miss games, as it has been reported , his holdout could drag on a long time. This is the Bengals, after all.
Concern level: Very high

McLaurin is in the final year of his deal, and at a $15.5 million base salary, he is underpaid. McLaurin finally had a good quarterback throwing to him last season and had a career-best 13 touchdowns. Jayden Daniels and McLaurin had great chemistry. Any setback to that would be bad for the Commanders as they enter Daniels' second season.
McLaurin will turn 30 years old in September and maybe there's concern about a long extension with him, but it seems like this should get settled. McLaurin has been good for the franchise as it struggled for many years, and he deserves to get paid. Washington has the salary cap space to make it right.
Concern level: Pretty low
Watt had to see Myles Garrett get a four-year, $160 million deal after he requested a trade from the Cleveland Browns, compare their careers and figure he needed to get a similar deal. Watt is already an icon for a historic franchise, a sure Hall of Famer and still one of the best defensive players in the NFL. There might be concern that he'll turn 31 years old in October, and a long-term deal that's about $40 million per season might not age well.
The Steelers will probably take care of Watt. They've usually gotten deals done with their star players. It doesn't seem like this is a long-term problem, though the price tag on an extension is going to be big.
Concern level: Low for now
It seemed like Ramsey might be traded during the NFL Draft. That didn't happen. The Smith trade speculation hasn't died yet. So the Dolphins are having minicamp without two of their few productive players from last season.
"I don't give a s*** about what I feel," Dolphins head coach Mike McDaniel told the Miami media . "I don't even really go down that road about how I feel about it. My job is to react and control my controllables and people are moving in one direction appropriately."
Things are going great in Miami.
The only concern might be that the Dolphins haven't gotten trades done for Smith, and especially Ramsey, yet. That means nobody has been willing to pay their price to this point. Soon Miami is going to have to take what it can get for Ramsey, or start the awkward process of mending fences. The Dolphins might have to reunite with Smith too, and he wants a new contract. Money fixes everything, but if the Dolphins wanted to pay those players to make them happy, they probably would have already. This seems like a mess, and it's not like the Dolphins will be better off without Ramsey and Smith this season.
Concern level: High

Myles Garrett doesn't hold back when asked about the opportunity to face Aaron Rodgers in the AFC North
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/myles-garrett-doesnt-hold-back-when-asked-about-the-opportunity-to-face-aaron-rodgers-in-the-afc-north-182232557.html

Cleveland Browns defensive end Myles Garrett is excited to play Aaron Rodgers twice a year. The Browns' star sack artist was asked Tuesday at minicamp about facing the new Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback.
Garrett didn't mince words.
"Good opportunity to put him in the graveyard," he said .
Garrett is looking to make good on the massive contract extension he signed with Cleveland this offseason. Back in March, the 29-year-old inked a deal that will pay him an average annual salary of $40 million over four years and includes $123.5 million in guaranteed money, according to ESPN's Adam Schefter .
Now the highest-paid non-QB in NFL history, Garrett is hungry to add to his career 102.5 sack total. The 2017 No. 1 overall pick and Texas A&M product finished second in the league with 14 sacks last season. He's logged 12 or more sacks each of the past five seasons, including the 2023 campaign when he won NFL Defensive Player of the Year .
Garrett will be joined by this year's No. 5 overall pick, defensive tackle Mason Graham. A menace on the defensive interior at Michigan, Graham accounted for 34 pressures in 2024 and 29 more during the Wolverines' national championship run in 2023, according to Pro Football Focus.
Together, they'll hunt quarterbacks such as Rodgers.

Rodgers signed a one-year deal with the Steelers ahead of the team's mandatory minicamp. The contract is worth $13.65 million, with $10 million guaranteed, per multiple reports. It could pay as much as $19.5 million with incentives.
Following an adverse two-season stay in New York with the Jets, Rodgers is looking to finish his career in Pittsburgh, where the Steelers are searching for their first playoff win since 2016.

Rodgers is a four-time NFL MVP, except he hasn't won that award, or come close to winning it, since he claimed the honor in back-to-back seasons in 2020 and 2021. He missed practically the entire 2023 season, his first in New York, with an Achilles injury suffered on his fourth offensive snap of the year. In 2024, he threw for 3,897 yards — but averaged just 6.7 yards per attempt — totaling 28 touchdowns and 11 interceptions while the Jets fired head coach Robert Saleh five games in and finished 5-12.
The pressure will be on Pittsburgh's offensive line to give Rodgers time to throw this season, especially against a confident Myles Garrett and a head-turning Cleveland Browns defensive line.

Bengals' Shemar Stewart blasts organization over rookie deal: 'Y'all just want to win arguments (more) than winning more games'
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/bengals-shemar-stewart-blasts-organization-over-rookie-deal-yall-just-want-to-win-arguments-more-than-winning-more-games-181623281.html
Trey Hendrickson not showing up to mandatory minicamp might be getting more headlines, but don't forget the Cincinnati Bengals' other notable pass rusher who isn't practicing over a contract dispute.
First-round pick Shemar Stewart is in attendance for mandatory minicamp but isn't practicing with the team. According to Cincinnati Enquirer beat reporter Kelsey Conway, Stewart is requesting that his contract language mirror the last two Bengals’ first-round picks, Amarius Mims and Myles Murphy, both of whom were taken later than Stewart (who was pick No. 17).
Stewart is one of five first-round picks who haven't signed their rookie contracts yet, along with the Jaguars' Travis Hunter (No. 2 overall), the Broncos' Jahdae Barron (No. 20), the Bills' Maxwell Hairston (No. 30) and the Eagles' Jihaad Campbell (No. 31).

However, none of them appear as contentious as the Bengals and Stewart.
"I'm 100 percent right. I'm not asking for nothing y'all have never done before. But in y'all case, y'all just want to win arguments (more) than winning more games," Stewart said, per Sports Illustrated's Jay Morrison.
Stewart expressed further disbelief Tuesday.
"I've been doing this for most of my whole life, and then all of a sudden it's gone over something very simple to fix," Stewart said, courtesy of  Conway. "It's kind of disapponting."
Have the Bengals told Stewart why they're choosing him to set a new precedent?
"I can't say what I really want to say," Stewart said, "but it's their contract. They can do what they want with it."
“I thought I would be on the field by now.” #Bengals first round pick Shemar Stewart on his contract situation pic.twitter.com/AxQpbh5cl0
Stewart didn't post big numbers at Texas A&M, but NFL teams reportedly loved his traits and upside. The Bengals ended up being the team that bet on them at No. 17 overall.
Hendrickson led the NFL in sacks last season with 17.5, which was 3.5 more than second-place Myles Garrett. He's been seeking a contract extension or a trade for awhile now, and didn't report to mandatory minicamp on Tuesday. He's also reportedly "dug in" on missing games this season if that's what it takes to get something done.
The Bengals signed wide receivers Ja'Marr Chase and Tee Higgins to big extensions earlier this offseason. But the franchise is notorious for complicating contract matters, and that doesn't appear to be changing with a defense that struggled in 2024 and needs as much talent as it can get.

Colts QB Anthony Richardson meets with specialist, still has no timetable to return from shoulder injury
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/breaking-news/article/colts-qb-anthony-richardson-meets-with-specialist-still-has-no-timetable-to-return-from-shoulder-injury-180934687.html
Indianapolis Colts quarterback Anthony Richardson met with a specialist and still has no timetable to return from a shoulder injury that's sidelining him during minicamp this week, head coach Shane Steichen told reporters Tuesday.
Steichen said that Richardson flew to Los Angeles to meet with renowned orthopedic surgeon Dr. Neal ElAttrache about soreness in the AC joint in his throwing shoulder. The soreness is in the same shoulder that required surgery and sidelined Richardson for most of his rookie season in 2023. ElAttrache performed the surgery.
The Colts initially announced Richardson's condition last week and that he would not participate in mandatory minicamp that started Tuesday.
Per Steichen, Richardson's prognosis remains the same after meeting with ElAttrache. He'll continue to rest his sore shoulder. Steichen said last week that the ailment isn't expected to require surgery.
Richardson, the No. 4 selection in the 2023 NFL Draft, initially injured his shoulder in Week 6 of his rookie season. He had surgery to repair the AC joint in his shoulder and did not play again in 2023.
Richardson made 11 starts during the 2024 season in which he was benched in favor of veteran backup Joe Flacco before returning to the lineup late in the season. Richardson has struggled with accuracy during his brief NFL career. He completed 47.7% of his pass attempts in 2024 for 5.4 yards per attempt with 8 touchdowns and 12 interceptions.
The Colts signed former New York Giants quarterback Daniel Jones in the offseason to compete with Richardson for the starting job. Like Richardson, Jones struggled in the NFL after being selected in the first round, primarily with turnovers.

Jones threw 47 interceptions and fumbled 50 times in his 70 games with the Giants over the course of six seasons. The Giants signed him to an extension to his rookie contract in 2023 after he showed signs of improvement. But they benched him and ultimately cut him in 2024 after he regressed. He signed with the Vikings late in the season, but didn't play a snap.
Colts general manager Chris Ballard said in February he wanted "real competition" for Richardson for the starting job. The Colts then signed Jones in March to a one-year, $14 million contract. With Richardson sidelined and his prognosis unclear, Jones appears to have the inside track to the starting job for now.

Dolphins coach Mike McDaniel addresses Jalen Ramsey's absence, ongoing trade pursuit: 'I don't give a s*** what I feel'
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/dolphins-coach-mike-mcdaniel-addresses-jalen-ramseys-absence-ongoing-trade-pursuit-i-dont-give-a-s-what-i-feel-164225219.html
The Miami Dolphins have been looking to trade cornerback Jalen Ramsey since April . Ramsey is still with the team; however, he's not at mandatory minicamp this week, nor does head coach Mike McDaniel expect him to be there.
Because Ramsey's absence is excused, he will not be fined.
McDaniel was asked Tuesday if he's surprised it's taken this long to trade the three-time, first-team All-Pro corner.
"I don't give a s*** about what I feel," McDaniel said in a news conference.
"I don't even really go down that road of how do I feel about it. My job is to react and control my controllables and make sure that people are moving in one direction appropriately."
Dolphins HC Mike McDaniel on if he’s surprised an expected Jalen Ramsey trade is taking so long: “I don’t give a shit what I feel.” McDaniel talks battle of handling noise/distractions as Ramsey (& now Jonnu Smith) matter linger. NFL summer break approaches. H/T @MiamiDolphins pic.twitter.com/zfqyCnuEeZ
McDaniel continued: "The business is business. The opportunity that business does provide in the offseason is a rep to the team about handling noise. What do I define noise as? Noise is things that don't have to do with what actually you're there to do and you should be focused on doing because you'll be held accountable to do."
The Dolphins acquired Ramsey in March 2023 via a trade with the Los Angeles Rams, who received a third-round pick and tight end Hunter Long in exchange. Ramsey missed seven games in his debut season with Miami but still made the Pro Bowl. He then signed a three-year, $72.3 million extension , which, at the time, made Ramsey the NFL's highest-paid corner.
Last season, though, Ramsey's play declined while he turned 30. He missed the Pro Bowl for the first time since 2019, as he gave up a reception 70.8% of the time he was targeted and recorded a 19.4% missed tackle rate, according to Pro Football Focus, both of which were career worsts for him. Ramsey finished the 2024 campaign with 60 total tackles, 11 passes defended and two interceptions.

Long regarded as a top-flight corner, first at Florida State and then in the NFL, Ramsey has piled up 24 interceptions and 108 passes defended in his nine-year pro career.
In April, Dolphins general manager Chris Grier told reporters during a pre-draft news conference that Ramsey didn't ask to be traded but that the decision to shop him was a mutual one.
Ramsey wasn't the only top Dolphins player not participating in minicamp Tuesday. Tight end Jonnu Smith, who is vying for a new contract after a breakout 2024 season, also didn't show up.
His absence, on the other hand, was not excused, according to McDaniel.
"Business in offseasons allows you to speak to your team about how the focus of noise is a constant battle that, if you're successful, you have to win," McDaniel said Tuesday.

NFL mandatory minicamp holdouts: Jalen Ramsey, Terry McLaurin, Trey Hendrickson reportedly not attending
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/nfl-mandatory-minicamp-holdouts-jalen-ramsey-terry-mclaurin-trey-hendrickson-reportedly-not-attending-164455354.html
NFL mandatory minicamps are officially under way, and some notable players are not attending for various reasons. Here is a rundown:






As for others ...
Dallas Cowboys pass rusher Micah Parsons has shown up to minicamp even though he's seeking a mammoth contract extension, as was expected
Cincinnati Bengals first-round pick Shemar Stewart is attending practices but won't participate while he and the team negotiate language in his rookie contract
Buffalo Bills running back James Cook is seeking a new deal as well but is reportedly participating in minicamp
New York Jets stars Sauce Gardner and Garrett Wilson are in the same boat: seeking new deals, but reportedly attending Jets mandatory minicamp
Atlanta Falcons quarterback Kirk Cousins has reported to minicamp, per NFL Network, despite expressing his desire to be traded to a team where he can start

Former Browns All-Pro RB Nick Chubb signs 1-year deal with Texans
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/breaking-news/article/former-browns-all-pro-rb-nick-chubb-signs-1-year-deal-with-texans-221400202.html
Nick Chubb is now a member of the Houston Texans.
The former Cleveland Browns running back passed a physical on Monday and officially struck a deal to join the Texans, the team announced. According to the NFL Network's Ian Rapoport , it's a one-year deal worth up to $5 million.
The Texans now provide a fresh start for Chubb after knee and foot injuries limited him to 10 games over the course of the prior two seasons.
Chubb suffered a devastating knee injury in Week 2 of the 2023 season that required multiple surgeries to repair a torn ACL, MCL, meniscus and medial capsule. The injury cost Chubb all but two games of the 2023 season and the first six games of the 2024 campaign.
Chubb returned to play eight games in 2024 before a broken foot suffered against the Kansas City Chiefs ended his season in Week 14. He hasn't played since.
Chubb, 29, was in the prime of his career when he suffered his knee injury in 2023. He'd made the Pro Bowl after each of the previous four seasons and was named second-team All-Pro in 2022 as one of the NFL's most productive offensive players.
He was limited in his eight-game return in 2024, averaging 3.3 yards per carry for 332 rushing yards and three touchdowns. The production fell well short of his career averages of 5.1 yards per carry and 92.8 total yards from scrimmage per game.

Chubb will join a Texans offense helmed by third-year quarterback C.J. Stroud that Houston hopes can help improve on last season's 10-7 campaign that ended in a divisional-round playoff loss to the Chiefs.
Chubb will join a Texans backfield that already features Joe Mixon, who joined Houston on a three-year, $25 million contract from the Cincinnati Bengals last offseason. Mixon made his second career Pro Bowl in 2024 after tallying 1,325 yards from scrimmage and 12 touchdowns while averaging 4.1 yards per carry.

Shedeur Sanders can win the Cleveland Browns starting QB job. Here’s how, from inside the building
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/shedeur-sanders-can-win-the-cleveland-browns-starting-qb-job-heres-how-from-inside-the-building-214951613.html
At some point, a door to the Cleveland Browns ' starting job was going to open for Shedeur Sanders . Little did we know it would be before he took his first snaps in this week’s full squad mandatory minicamp.
That’s effectively what happened last week, when the most intriguing quarterback competition in the NFL was basically described as a completely wide-open affair. So wide open that minicamp and training camp won’t just end up shaping the starting spot — they will likely end up deciding the entire order of the quarterback depth chart. Including the possibility that one of the rookies, either Dillon Gabriel or Sanders, is under center when Week 1 rolls around.
That was the takeaway from Cleveland offensive coordinator Tommy Rees last week, when he was asked if he could see any of the four Browns quarterbacks winning the starting job.
“I mean, yeah, you can see them all winning the job, I think, right?” Rees said. “In terms of the competition, we’re so early in the process, we’re so early in evaluating it. But yeah, I think we have a good group of guys that continue to push each other and by the time September rolls around, we’ll be ready to go.
“[The QB] rotation day by day has been kind of fluid. These days we have probably the most reps to go around, so we’re able to balance them out. But all those guys have done a nice job coming to work and understanding that each day is going to be a little bit different rotationally. It’s an evaluation process for us still, so we’re just working through those as the days come.”
While vague and non-committal — and also rooted in the keep-it-positive vibes of most organized team activities — Rees did nothing to dispel the idea that the quarterback stack in Cleveland is up in the air. He did laugh when asked the question, though, likely because he knows it will be processed through the Shedeur prism. Right now, that seems to be how every bit of Browns quarterback news is focused: How does this impact Shedeur and where does he stand in the hierarchy now?
Those two questions are going to be incessantly beaten to death for the next three months, or however long it takes for head coach Kevin Stefanski to lock in the order of the quarterback depth chart. It will be spelled out in detailed reporting on how each quarterback handled their reps, who looks better running whatever grouping they’re plugged into and who begins to steadily take snaps with the first-team offense. Starting with this week’s minicamp, some of those details will become less fuzzy as the Browns start installing at least some packages that they’ll be working into shape in training camp.

Right now, there’s at least one finite piece of information to chew on: All the quarterbacks have a chance to be the starter when the season kicks off in September. For Sanders specifically, he’s going to need some dominoes to fall in his favor that include some things that are in his hands, and some that aren’t. After speaking with sources inside the Browns organization, here are the three factors that I believe weigh heaviest when it comes to Sanders’ path to the starting job …
Physically, Sanders can start in the NFL right now. Despite all the talk about Colorado Buffaloes offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur utilizing a pro-style scheme that supposedly made Sanders more “pro ready” than some other quarterbacks, I don’t think that has proven to be the case. Not only is Sanders going to be mentally swimming with the complexity of an NFL offense, there is a lot of work to do with the basic terminology and verbiage utilized by Stefanski’s scheme.
In short, I don’t believe Shurmur’s Colorado offense had as much NFL overlap in either of those departments, which means that Sanders is going to have to learn from the ground up when it comes to something as simple as being able to memorize and spit out all the verbiage of an NFL play inside the huddle.
That’s hardly an unusual problem when it comes to rookie quarterbacks. But it’s a much bigger challenge when you weren’t really operating a complex offense in college or calling complicated plays or protections in a manner that had a lot of NFL overlap. Sanders has to learn the Browns' offense and then learn how to speak it — and quickly — so that he can get to the line of scrimmage and make his pre-snap reads.
If I had to call it now, I think the Browns' depth chart would be Joe Flacco as the starter, Gabriel and Kenny Pickett battling it out for the No. 2 spot, and Sanders entering camp as Cleveland’s fourth quarterback. If Sanders can pick up the offensive scheme quickly and get the verbiage down, then his opportunity to climb the depth chart will vastly improve if he performs when given chances on the field.
Preseason success will not be ignored. If Sanders lights it up when he gets his chances, that will be a conversation in the building when it comes to naming a starter. Of course, Gabriel will be under the same umbrella, too. One source inside the Browns called Gabriel “like a computer” when it comes to processing information and absorbing the offense. That alone slots him in front of Sanders.
But one thing is certain: Sanders or Gabriel merely playing well in the preseason will not be enough to win the starting job heading into the regular season. One of them would have to be exceptional.
In a sense, this is out of the rookies’ hands. Even if one or both play well in the preseason, the Cleveland braintrust has to decide whether it’s going to prioritize winning out of the gate in 2025. If the answer is yes, the experience factor of both Flacco and Pickett lean into that approach — at least to begin the season. Even with Gabriel’s extensive number of college snaps and Sanders having been a four-year starter, neither is likely to offer a better chance than the veterans to hit the ground running in September.
Of course, there’s the caveat that Flacco and Pickett could look horrible in training camp, which would undercut the experience factor. But the basic point still remains: If the Browns want to develop a young quarterback in either Sanders or Gabriel, the fastest route to getting that moving is to get one of them starting snaps sooner rather than later. Doing that would likely require scaling the offense back a bit to make the transition smoother. Do the Browns want to commit to that from Week 1? If not, can they scale the offense back later in the season and pivot to one of the rookies?
These are the kinds of internal discussions that are happening now and will continue to happen in the coming weeks and months. But the stage is absolutely set for a legitimate quarterback battle. Shedeur Sanders’ path to the starting job may be the steepest among his competition, but it’s there.

Packers release 2-time Pro Bowl cornerback Jaire Alexander
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/breaking-news/article/packers-release-2-time-pro-bowl-cornerback-jaire-alexander-200452484.html
The Green Bay Packers are cutting ties with cornerback Jaire Alexander . The news of the two-time Pro Bowler's release was initially reported by NFL Network, then later confirmed Monday by the team.
"In his seven seasons with the Packers, Jaire established himself as one of the premier players in the NFL at one of the game's most challenging positions," Packers general manager Brian Gutekunst said in a statement. "His contributions to our organization were felt on the field, in the locker room and in our community, and he will be missed. We appreciate all he gave and we wish him all the best moving forward."
In an interview with Green Bay TV station WBAY, Packers president and CEO Mark Murphy said that Alexander is an "elite talent" but was "injured a lot.
It marks quite the fall for Alexander, a former first-round draft pick who was one of the team's best players as recently as the 2022 season, when he was selected to his second Pro Bowl. But injuries have plagued Alexander over the past two years. Back and shoulder issues limited Alexander to seven games in 2023. A knee issue caused Alexander to play in just seven games in 2024.
Prior to those injuries, Alexander had emerged as one of the better cornerbacks in the NFL. After a promising rookie season in 2018, Alexander started in all 16 games in his second season. He earned his first Pro Bowl selection in 2020 and was second team All-Pro. He was limited to just four games in 2021 due to a shoulder injury, but bounced back in 2022 to play in all 16 games, once again earning Pro Bowl and second team All-Pro team honors.

After signing a four-year, $84 million extension in 2022, Alexander was set to make over $16 million in 2025. The Packers reportedly offered Alexander a restructured deal in May, which would have resulted in Alexander taking a pay cut. It appears Alexander did not want to take that deal, leading to his reported release.
The last two seasons in which Alexander played double-digit games, he made the Pro Bowl. That should give the 28-year-old multiple options now that he's reportedly hit the free-agent market. Given his injury struggles, Alexander may need to settle for a short-term deal. If he can stay healthy and return to form, Alexander could fetch a much larger contract on the market next season.

How can Shedeur Sanders tangibly help his Browns future at mandatory minicamps?
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/how-can-shedeur-sanders-tangibly-help-his-browns-future-at-mandatory-minicamps-174501488.html
Despite being a fifth-round pick in April’s NFL Draft, Shedeur Sanders is still drawing talk from NFL fans as he enters his first mandatory minicamp Tuesday through Thursday and attempts to climb up the Cleveland Browns’ quarterback depth chart .
As the fervor around Sanders continues to escalate, despite nothing really changing since the end of the draft, now is a good time to take stock of what Sanders needs to do to actually get the job. As the fourth quarterback that the Browns added this offseason, Sanders faces a tremendous battle toward having a relevant rookie season, but there is a path for him to help his case with a strong offseason.
Part of the reason there is so much excitement for Sanders is that the Browns’ quarterback room doesn’t appear to have an entrenched starter. Joe Flacco will presumably resume his role as the team’s starter, which he had for the latter part of 2023 season, when he helped lead the Browns to a playoff berth. Flacco’s experience within the offense, and experience in general, are going to be assets that the Browns lean on as they enter training camp. However, third-round pick Dillon Gabriel and Kenny Pickett are viewed as beatable for the primary backup job.

Gabriel and Sanders find themselves needing to do the same thing to solidify their standing in the Browns' quarterback room. Gabriel was the 94th overall selection in this year’s draft, 50 picks prior to Cleveland’s trade up for Sanders. Their goals are similar: get to a high enough understanding with the playbook where the coaching staff feels comfortable having them active once the regular season starts and the games start counting.
Where they differ is the practicality of the investment and what that means for their immediate futures with the Browns. Gabriel’s investment as a top-100 draft pick means he will likely be getting the first chance at practice reps over Sanders — practice reps they both need. At least for Sanders’ sake, Flacco is the only one who has experience with this coaching staff, so Sanders and Gabriel will be starting off on a level playing field as far as their knowledge and experience of the offense.
It’s not the sexiest answer, but the best way Sanders can help himself in minicamp and in all pre-regular season activities is by preparing to be the best backup he can be. Based on how last season went for the Browns, starting a rookie is probably not how head coach Kevin Stefanski and general manager Andrew Berry wanted to enter pivotal seasons for their employed futures as members of the Browns. It sounds bleak, but whoever can provide the best support to Flacco will likely be in the driver’s seat for backup quarterback reps.
While there has been an onslaught of minicamp and OTAs coverage for Sanders, the truth of his situation still needs to be grappled with. He’s a fifth-round rookie, the second quarterback the Browns drafted and the fourth quarterback the Browns added this offseason. The Browns also have two first-round picks for next year’s draft, and they will likely use one to select a quarterback if this year goes poorly. If Sanders is going to make the most of his opportunities and secure a long-term role with his team, it needs to start now and with better preparation than he reportedly had during the pre-draft process.
The shelf life on Day 3 quarterbacks, especially for teams that are aggressively trying to find a starter, are short. Now is Sanders’ opportunity to show the NFL that the league was wrong about him during the draft — but he better hurry.

Joe Flacco? Dillon Gabriel? Shedeur Sanders? Handicapping the Browns' QB competition
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/joe-flacco-dillon-gabriel-shedeur-sanders-handicapping-the-browns-qb-competition-134830679.html
The Cleveland Browns are expected to be one of the worst teams in the NFL. They have arguably the worst quarterback situation in the NFL.
Yet, we'll all be watching their quarterback competition.
The Browns are one of the few NFL teams that will go into training camp without a set QB1, and they have four players vying for the job. Of course, one of those contenders is one of the most-watched rookies in the NFL, Shedeur Sanders . He's probably the highest profile fifth-round rookie we've ever seen after his draft slide.
Here's a look at who has the best chance to be the Browns' Week 1 starter as their four-way race takes shape in training camp and preseason:
The Browns brought back Flacco, who was the 2023 NFL Comeback Player of the Year when he helped Cleveland to the playoffs, but his deal is worth just $4.25 million with more possible in incentives. That's not starting quarterback money, and the Browns wouldn't feel obligated to start a 40-year-old quarterback in Week 1. However. Flacco is the one QB on the roster with a positive NFL track record, and there are probably still good feelings about how well he played in Cleveland two seasons ago. Flacco wasn't good with the Indianapolis Colts last season and over the past 10 seasons Flacco has rarely played at an above-average level, other than that short stretch with the Browns two seasons ago. It doesn't seem wise for a team with such little expectations to start a 40-year-old quarterback, but the Browns might want to see if Flacco can recapture his 2023 magic to start the season before making a change.
Chance of starting: 50 percent
The Browns' early schedule is brutal. Their first six opponents are the Bengals , Ravens , Packers , Lions , Vikings and Steelers . It doesn't seem like the type of gauntlet the Browns want to expose a rookie starter to. Pickett was an interesting acquisition for the Browns. He cost very little (a fifth-round draft pick and quarterback Dorian Thompson-Robinson ) and was a first-round draft pick just three seasons ago. Pickett didn't work out with Pittsburgh but he had a few flashes of solid play as a rookie. A recent theme in the NFL has been quarterbacks who were given up on too soon having a career revival with another team ( Geno Smith , Sam Darnold , Baker Mayfield ) and Pickett is just 27 years old.
Pickett also was taking the first-team reps during the most recent OTAs. It would make far more sense for a rebuilding team to start Pickett over a 40-year-old Flacco, but Pickett would have to earn that.
Chance of starting: 40 percent


The notion that draft position doesn't matter is not exactly true. Yes, if Sanders definitively outplays Gabriel in August then the Browns' coaching staff could go into the season with Sanders over Gabriel on the depth chart. But here's why draft position matters, at least this early in the careers of Gabriel and Sanders: The Browns clearly liked Gabriel better. They drafted the productive yet undersized Oregon quarterback two rounds and 50 picks before Sanders. That's a big difference. A third-round draft pick, 94th overall, shows how much the Browns valued Gabriel in the draft. While Gabriel has been entirely overlooked due to the attention paid to his famous rookie teammate, Cleveland clearly thought he was the better quarterback on draft weekend. Still, do the Browns want to start a third-round rookie on opening day and against their first six opponents who could all be playoff teams? Probably not.
The real question isn't which rookie will start Week 1, because it seems unlikely either beats out Flacco and Pickett, but which rookie gets the first shot when the Browns inevitably make a midseason change and want to try out one of their rookies. Gabriel will get a fraction of the attention that Sanders will get, but Sanders has to beat Gabriel in practices and preseason games to get ahead of him on the depth chart.
Chance of starting: 9 percent
How many times in NFL history has a quarterback come into training camp as the fourth-string option and won a starting job by Week 1? That's virtually unheard of. And it's practically inconceivable that a fifth-round rookie who starts camp as the QB4 ends up starting on opening day. In Sanders' case it can't be totally ruled out because he isn't a normal fifth-round rookie quarterback; reports on him from Browns OTAs have been positive and the competition isn't that strong. But if Sanders ends up taking the first snaps of the season, it would be one of the wildest training camp/preseason stories we've seen in a long time. Even if Sanders is fantastic in August, the same concerns about throwing a rookie to the wolves in that early-season gauntlet still apply. The Browns presumably don't want to set up either rookie to fail early in the season.
Sanders could end up starting at some point late in his rookie season because the Browns seem like a team that could end up starting four different quarterbacks in a rough season. But make no mistake, Sanders has a long way to go before he gets on the field for the Browns.
Chance of starting: 1 percent

Kelvin Joseph, DC Defenders cornerback and former Cowboy, arrested after fatal crash near Dallas
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/kelvin-joseph-dc-defenders-cornerback-and-former-cowboy-arrested-after-fatal-crash-near-dallas-204525466.html
Former Dallas Cowboys cornerback Kelvin Joseph Jr. has been arrested following a fatal crash outside of Dallas on Saturday, according to multiple reports. Joseph, who has not played in an NFL game since 2023, currently plays for the UFL's DC Defenders.
The crash, which killed one person, took place just before 5 a.m on Saturday, according to WFAA in Dallas. A 27-year-old woman, who was driving a motorcycle, was dead when Richardson police arrived.
Around 30 minutes later, police received a call from Joseph, who said that he had been involved in the crash, per local reports.
Joseph, 25, was arrested just before 8 a.m. and charged with driving while intoxicated and a collision involving death, according to Richardson PD records. Joseph is currently being held by the Richardson PD; no bond has been set.
The UFL released a statement to local outlet WFAA .
"We are aware of the incident and are gathering information. We have no further comment at this time," the league said in the statement.

Joseph was selected by the Cowboys in the second round of the 2021 NFL Draft and spent two seasons with Dallas. He bounced between several teams throughout 2023 and 2024, but was only on practice squads in 2024. Joseph signed with the DC Defenders in February.
The UFL playoffs begin this weekend, with the Defenders set to play the St. Louis Battlehawks on Sunday.

Aaron Rodgers signs reported 1-year, $13.65 million contract with Steelers, will wear No. 8 in Pittsburgh
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/breaking-news/article/aaron-rodgers-signs-reported-1-year-1365-million-contract-with-steelers-will-wear-no-8-in-pittsburgh-173824492.html
Aaron Rodgers and the Pittsburgh Steelers are officially official. The veteran quarterback went to the Steelers' practice facility to sign a one-year deal with the team, Pittsburgh announced Saturday.
The contract is worth $13.65 million, with $10 million guaranteed, per multiple reports. With incentives, which include playing time and team performance, the contract is worth up to $19.5 million.
Done deal ✍️ @AaronRodgers12 pic.twitter.com/xM4wy8EdGG
Additionally, the Steelers announced Rodgers will wear No. 8 this season. Rodgers wore the same number during his two-year stint with the New York Jets, but wore No. 12 throughout his 18-year tenure with the Green Bay Packers.
🎱 @AaronRodgers12 pic.twitter.com/seuxH7lDxY
Rodgers, after a long offseason full of hints, finally ended the speculation earlier this week by agreeing to a one-year deal with Pittsburgh . The four-time NFL MVP will now put on a Steelers uniform as his career winds down, in a signing that left plenty of winners and losers .
Rodgers' move to Pittsburgh came after two disappointing years with the Jets. As New York went through a coaching and GM change this offseason, Rodgers was informed the Jets were moving on without him .
In the weeks since, Rodgers, who is 41, had been weighing whether to retire . However, despite Rodgers' mixed messages, the Steelers seemed optimistic about Rodgers joining in the offseason: Pittsburgh head coach Mike Tomlin called a March visit from Rodgers "productive," while team president Art Rooney II said at spring owners meetings things were "pointing in that direction" in terms of Rodgers signing with the team.

Rodgers joins a Steelers squad that, despite a long streak of winning seasons, is in need of a boost out of general mediocrity. Pittsburgh acquired receiver DK Metcalf in a trade this offseason , adding a major target for Rodgers before the QB even committed. Opposite Rodgers will be the Steelers' solid defense, anchored by star edge rusher T.J. Watt, to boost the team's chances of success.
Rodgers' commitment to the Steelers also sets up a handful of exciting matchups in the 2025 season, including an early game against the Jets, and another matchup against his other former team, the Packers.

Veteran wide receiver Chris Conley retires from the NFL to reportedly pursue filmmaking career
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/veteran-wide-receiver-chris-conley-retires-from-the-nfl-to-reportedly-pursue-filmmaking-career-165943186.html
Veteran NFL wide receiver Chris Conley is leaving the football field to pursue his passion for film. On Saturday, Conley took to Instagram to announce his retirement from the NFL. In his post, he shared a carousel of photos from his decade-long professional career, foreshadowing his next chapter.
"When i was a kid i wrote down a set of goals. On that list was 'Play 10 years in the NFL'. Now that this goal has been accomplished it's time to set sights on something new," Conley captioned.
NFL Network's Ian Rapoport reported that Conley plans to re-enroll at the University of Georgia to pursue his degree in filmmaking.
A post shared by Chris Conley (@conmanxp)
"The past 10 years have been a dream," Conley continued. "Getting the opportunity to play in the league was an honor and whether it was catching touchdowns or blocking for them i truly gave it my all.
"I cant mention everyone who was instrumental in my growth as a man and player but if you played a part, I extend a heartfelt thank you. To my teammates, training staff, and coaches thanks for the friendship and trust throughout the years."
Conley was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the third round in 2015 and remained with the team for his first four seasons. He then split the next four years between the Jacksonville Jaguars and Houston Texans. After a short stint with the Tennessee Titans, Conley finished his career with the San Francisco 49ers, playing in 15 games and catching six passes for 76 yards.
The former Bulldog totaled 226 receptions for 2,998 yards and 15 touchdowns throughout his career.

Cowboys offensive lineman Tom Rafferty, who played 14 seasons with Dallas, dies at 70
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/cowboys-offensive-lineman-tom-rafferty-who-played-14-seasons-with-dallas-dies-at-70-003824122.html
Tom Rafferty, who played 14 seasons for the Dallas Cowboys as an offensive lineman and won a Super Bowl championship with the team, died Thursday at the age of 70.
Rafferty had been hospitalized in Windsor, Colorado since suffering a stroke in early May, his daughter told the Dallas Morning News .
The Cowboys' fourth-round draft pick (No. 119 overall) out of Penn State in 1976, Rafferty played his first five NFL seasons at guard before moving to center for the remainder of his career. He started 182 out of a possible 203 games, including 167 consecutive starts.
“If you look at his dimensions [6-foot-3, 256 pounds], he wouldn’t be playing in the offensive line today,” longtime Cowboys radio broadcaster Brad Sham told the Dallas Morning News . “But that’s what [head coach Tom Landry] wanted. He wanted pulling linemen and guys who could get downfield in front of [Tony] Dorsett on a screen pass."
Rafferty threw a key block for Dorsett's NFL-record 99-yard touchdown run on Jan. 3, 1983 versus the Minnesota Vikings . Amazingly, Dallas had only 10 men on the field for that play.
For the past 17 years, Rafferty had battled transverse myelitis, a disorder that affects the central nervous system. He was hospitalized for 48 days and refused to use a wheelchair.
"He just kept at it until he could walk again,” recalled Rafferty's daughter , Rachel Powers. “No sensation below his waist, but he made it happen."

Rafferty was one of 12 players in franchise history to play at least 14 years for the Cowboys. In his second season, Dallas defeated the Denver Broncos to win Super Bowl XII. The Cowboys lost Super Bowl XIII to the Pittsburgh Steelers the following year.
His final season was 1989 for a 1-15 Cowboys team during Hall of Famer Troy Aikman's rookie year. With Aikman and Roger Staubach, Rafferty played with two Hall of Fame quarterbacks.

Tom Brady says he tries to focus on the positive as a broadcaster: 'It's not about this harsh critique'
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/tom-brady-says-he-tries-to-focus-on-the-positive-as-a-broadcaster-its-not-about-this-harsh-critique-185714129.html
Tom Brady wants to be an honest broadcaster, but don't expect to see him ripping your favorite team's quarterback after a missed read. Brady said he wants to focus on player greatness, and isn't interested in "harsh critique" now that he's in the booth.
Brady made those comments during an interview with Complex. After being asked a question about Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes, Brady opened up about how he views his role as a broadcaster.
"The one position I'm in now as broadcaster, I do feel a responsibility, A, to tell the fans what I see and be honest and upfront about everything. But also realize what these guys are doing on the field is extremely difficult. It's a high level of skill. You're looking at any of the 32 teams who have a starting quarterback out there, that guy is one of the best in the world at what he does. Do they make the right plays all the time? Certainly not. By the way, neither did I.
"I think you have to have this context and perspective. You realize that it's not about this harsh critique and that's not really what it's all about anyway. To me, it's more about let's point out the greatness of these individual players. ... That's what I want to do on TV."
Brady's first season as a broadcaster was mixed. He struggled early, though did manage to deliver an honest and emotional assessment of the Chiefs' struggles in the Super Bowl. To put it in football terms, he looked like a rookie out there most of the time, but occasionally showed flashes of promise.
While Brady's comments about shying away from "harsh critique" might rub some the wrong way, that's not really the role broadcasters have filled in recent years. The best ones elevate games by breaking down individual plays or telling smart anecdotes that put fans in a player's mindset. You don't typically hear them say things like, "Wow, that was a terrible pass."

Of course, there's a fine line to walk between being mean and being honest. Nobody wants Brady — or any other broadcaster — to act like everyone's best friend in the booth. Pointing out why plays aren't working or why a team is struggling is an important duty, and sometimes that requires calling out a player for an inaccurate pass or an untimely drop.
Brady seems pretty committed to his new role, so it will be on him to show improvement in Year 2. That's certainly possible given Brady's experience and on-field excellence, but only if he's willing to actually be honest with viewers, especially when a team or player isn't performing well.

Aaron Rodgers to sign with Pittsburgh Steelers: Here's what fantasy football managers should expect
https://sports.yahoo.com/fantasy/article/aaron-rodgers-to-sign-with-pittsburgh-steelers-heres-what-fantasy-football-managers-should-expect-143850582.html
At long last, the move we’ve been talking about in theory has finally become a reality as Aaron Rodgers will be signing a contract with the Pittsburgh Steelers and report to their minicamp. The Steelers now have a starting quarterback in place 87 days after the NFL’s legal negotiating window for free agents began. What a journey.
[ Join or create a Yahoo Fantasy Football league for the 2025 NFL season ]
Make no mistake, Rodgers is an upgrade on whatever competition the Steelers would have been forced to stage between Mason Rudolph and sixth-round rookie Will Howard. There’s a large gap between better than that and a rock-solid solution. To me, Rodgers falls somewhere in that chasm.

Rodgers is one of my favorite quarterbacks of all time. His early years with the Green Bay Packers included some of the most blistering highs I can remember consuming. He exuded football joy with a lightning-quick release and well-earned arm arrogance. We don’t see many quarterbacks execute offenses in that style and with the precision Rodgers brought to the table anymore. It was a special moment in time … it’s also been quite a while since we’ve seen Rodgers play at that level. While his return to glory amid a two-time MVP run with Matt LaFleur in a marriage of offensive worlds was sublime, that's also slipping into deep history in what is always a swift passage of time in NFL terms.
Rodgers has ranked 23rd in adjusted yards per attempt among quarterbacks over the last three years. That includes his final year in Green Bay, where a decline in play began before his ultimate downfall with the New York Jets. The guy we’ve watched in recent years just hasn’t been a needle-mover behind center.
Now, the bar for an upgrade for Pittsburgh could quite not be lower. The Steelers rank 32nd in the NFL since 2022, the season following Ben Roethlisberger's retirement, in touchdown passes with a paltry 46. Amid a laughable Matt Canada offense, a doomed first-round pick in Kenny Pickett and a rotating cast of young, immature pass-catchers, this has quietly become one of the worst soils in which to grow passing production.
Rodgers can be the slightly below-average quarterback he’s been in that same period and still represent an advancement on what’s been happening on the offensive side of the football for the Steelers. But is that enough for me to raise my season-long expectations for the Steelers as a football team — at best a one-and-done playoff team like they’ve been for years — or adjust a single one of their fantasy players in my rankings?
No, it’s not.

Regardless of Rodgers’ presence, the newly acquired DK Metcalf will need to be a supreme target hog on what will be a run-heavy offense. Outside of one year with Matt Ryan in Atlanta, Arthur Smith’s offenses have always been in the bottom five in passing rate. Rodgers’ offenses are also historically slow-paced units because he likes to get to the line to make adjustments. That’s about the only overlap this version of Rodgers shares with Smith from a philosophical standpoint. I have many questions about how Rodgers, who has become allergic to attacking the intermediate middle of the field, will mesh with Smith’s passing concepts, which primarily look to exploit that area. On top of that, Rodgers has become overly demanding on his wide receivers in terms of precision and timing as route runners. That’s not exactly the strength of Metcalf’s game. They’re a bit of an oil-and-water pairing; not that many receivers have been able to satisfy whatever it is Rodgers is looking for out of that position the last few seasons.
Lastly, I’m working under the assumption here that in Pittsburgh, Rodgers operates at something close to the level he played at for most of last season with the New York Jets. He certainly moved better toward the end of the season, as one would expect the farther he got from his torn Achilles tendon, but that netted him a mere 20th-place ranking in EPA per dropback from Week 14 to 18 among quarterbacks with 100 pass attempts. What if, at 41 years old, he takes another step back physically? There’s a real 2022-Colts’-Matt-Ryan season in the range of outcomes for this pairing and, if you made me choose, I’d say it’s safer to take that side than some mystical Rodgers-and-Mike-Tomlin rebirth season happening in 2025.

We’ve been projecting and ranking Steelers players with the assumption that Rodgers would be the quarterback for months now. The fact that it actually happened doesn’t change anything; it merely removes the need to discuss a 17-game Mason-Rudolph-starting-wasted season from the range of outcomes. However, his presence certainly doesn’t mean any of these Steelers players are risk-free.
I’m going in eyes wide open to this situation: a once-elite passer suiting up in a mercenary role for a desperate franchise that is attempting to pay for sins at the quarterback position and hang onto the very end of an era with an aging core on defense at the same time. I’d encourage all of you to view this in a similar fashion as you put together your 2025 season projections.

Aaron Rodgers signing with the Pittsburgh Steelers is the era-ending Hail Mary for a QB and a franchise
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/aaron-rodgers-signing-with-the-pittsburgh-steelers-is-the-era-ending-hail-mary-for-a-qb-and-a-franchise-040831142.html
Finally, two sides that needed each other, settled on each other.
In a one-year signing that has the odor of a handshake agreement finalized months ago, the Pittsburgh Steelers have their starting quarterback in the fold for 2025. As long anticipated, it’s a gray-bearded Aaron Rodgers , who at 41 years old will become the eighth quarterback among the NFL’s top 20 all-time passing yardage leaders to take starting snaps for at least three different franchises in his career.
Like many others before Rodgers, it’s a late-career embrace born out of necessity. Half need on the part of a team trying to capture one last gasp at whatever its current roster can be; and half need on the part of a fading quarterback trying to finish his career in flourish rather than frustration.
This is Brett Favre in Minneapolis, Warren Moon in Seattle, Carson Palmer in Arizona, Drew Bledsoe in Dallas. Or, well, Russell Wilson … in Pittsburgh.
The results of those previous unions were mixed — some successful, others middling. But the connective tissue binding all of them is what waited on the other side of the alliance for each of the franchises: some element of change or transition, if not a full-blown rebuild.
Really, that’s what this is about for the Steelers, who as of this moment are tied with the San Francisco 49ers with the second-oldest NFL roster under contract. That’s according to Spotrac’s 2025 salary cap table, which currently pegs Pittsburgh at 26.8 years old. With Rodgers added to the mix, nine starters and key backups will be at least 30 or older when the 2025 season begins, including defensive tackle Cameron Heyward (36), pass rusher T.J. Watt (31), guard Isaac Seumalo (32), cornerback Darius Slay (34), wideout Robert Woods (33), punter Cameron Johnston (33), kicker Chris Boswell (34), and safeties Miles Killebrew (32) and Juan Thornhill (30).
As I wrote earlier in the offseason, this is a roster that needs to win now and has been laced with offseason moves aimed at making the most of a Rodgers addition. Because on the other side of Rodgers is some inevitable change. Either in the form of a micro makeover or more of a traditional prolonged rebuild — with the difference between those two being whether the Steelers can actually find a long-term answer at quarterback.

For one season at a time, that answer is Rodgers — the Hail Mary king in a Hail Mary signing. The hope is that he’s got one last spate of magic left, like Favre with the Minnesota Vikings or Palmer with the Arizona Cardinals . Of course, that was also the hope with the Wilson signing last offseason. Despite not wanting to cast a line out on another aging veteran quarterback, the Steelers are here anyway after watching Justin Fields depart for the New York Jets .
Their only other realistic options this offseason? A trade for an aging Kirk Cousins or selecting one of the second- or third-tier quarterbacks in a draft that wasn’t considered strong at the position. Having gone down that kind of road with Kenny Pickett in 2022, the appetite to repeat that gamble simply wasn’t there. Instead the wager is on Rodgers, in the hopes that his second half of solid play in the 2024 season was an indicator that he was still regathering himself from his torn Achilles in the previous season.
It’s a move that represents somewhat of a remixed offseason approach for the Steelers, who made the uncharacteristically flashy move of trading for wideout DK Metcalf and then awarding him a monster contract extension. That bold move set the team up to move on from George Pickens , which is being counted as addition by subtraction for the team’s locker room, classroom and practice chemistry.
The Steelers will lean on Rodgers for that latter effect, too, in hopes that his presence will provide an internal spark in the organization the way it initially did with the New York Jets . In that sense, Pittsburgh is banking on the reality that the world will never know what could have transpired in New York if Rodgers hadn’t suffered his Achilles injury and then slogged through 2023 and 2024 in the wake of it.
In the expanse of history and this kind of move, this is effectively the bet the Vikings made on Favre after the Jets crashed and burned in the second half of his 2008 season there. In the thick of a playoff race, Favre’s play cratered down the stretch and the Jets lost four of their final five games. When it was over, Favre’s career appeared to be washed. But what the public didn’t know was that he had been playing with a torn biceps tendon for much of the season — an injury the team hid from the public, which eventually led to a $125,000 fine.
The Vikings banked on Favre’s problem being physical and fixable. And for one season, they were right, as he bounced back in 2009 and delivered one of the best seasons of his career — leading the Vikings to a 12-4 record and the NFC championship game. The glory was short-lived. Favre’s body failed to hold up a second season with the Vikings, playing 13 injury-riddled and turnover-plagued games before ending his career. Even with that ending, the juice was worth the squeeze for Minnesota. It maximized its roster for a one-season reach and then fell into a hole that was coming as soon as Favre was out of the mix.
This is what the Steelers are staring at with Rodgers. They’re hoping he shows up to minicamp happy, healthy and refreshed, with the Jets nightmare behind him and some renewed vigor to write a successful final chapter or two to his career.
That’s what Thursday’s signing represents. Two sides needing each other and settling on each other. Or at the very least, betting on each other with the last chip each has left.

Aaron Rodgers to Steelers winners and losers, from Kirk Cousins and Mike Tomlin to Justin Jefferson
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/aaron-rodgers-to-steelers-winners-and-losers-from-kirk-cousins-and-mike-tomlin-to-justin-jefferson-030028486.html
The Pittsburgh Steelers had been waiting for this domino to fall. And they were far from the only members of the NFL world keeping close eyes on Aaron Rodgers ’ next move.
On Thursday, Rodgers’ roughly three-month dalliance with free agency came to an end. The four-time MVP quarterback and Steelers agreed to a one-year deal pending a physical, the team confirmed , with the expectation that Rodgers will report to Pittsburgh ahead of the Steelers’ mandatory minicamp next week.
The ramifications of this budding marriage ripple broadly for players, coaches, league executives and more in the NFL. Who comes out ahead? Here are our Yahoo Sports winners and losers as Rodgers prepares to sign with the Steelers:
NFL vice president of broadcasting and scheduling Mike North and his team faced a challenge when compiling the 2025 NFL schedule: Should they create a schedule with the expectation Rodgers signs with the Steelers and risk underwhelming prime-time games, or should they operate based on existing rosters and potentially bury prestige matchups? They did the former, and their bet pays off. Rodgers is now slated to play his first game in a Steelers uniform against the New York Jets team that discarded him this offseason. And Oct. 26 on Monday Night Football, the Steelers will host the only NFL club Rodgers hasn’t yet played against: the Green Bay Packers he represented for 18 years. North has reason to toast.
Mike Tomlin’s Super Bowl championship and two AFC titles will one day be headlines in his Pro Football Hall of Fame candidacy. But expect the committee to discuss not only Tomlin’s ceiling but also his floor. Tomlin has remarkably never coached a losing season in 18 years at the Pittsburgh helm. Rodgers should help extend that trend as a clear upgrade over OTAs leader Mason Rudolph . Even at 41 years old, Rodgers is coming off a 3,897-yard, 28-touchdown campaign with a spiraling Jets team. With a more solid foundation and talented roster, Rodgers joins a Steelers team that should again expect a high floor.
Many expected Rodgers to sign with Pittsburgh after mandatory minicamp, reducing chatter around his decision to participate in the last team activities before clubs break. Rodgers missed last year’s Jets mandatory minicamp to travel to Egypt — drawing disapproval from many, including then-head coach Robert Saleh who publicly confirmed Rodgers’ absence was unexcused. Rodgers easily could have returned down that road and shown up for training camp in late July, his individual performance likely reaching the same caliber. But quarterbacks and their targets are two of the groups who benefit most from spring practices, as playmakers start learning their counterparts’ timing, rhythm and preferred interpretation of routes even amid unrealistic freedom from physicality and live pass rush. Getting through introductions, creating goodwill before the break — expect the charismatic, charming Rodgers to do that easily — and beginning group discussions of the playbook will help the Steelers come September.
The producers of “Hard Knocks” are probably disappointed they already featured the AFC North in last year’s divisional series. Because the drama quotient keeps rising this offseason. Lamar Jackson and Joe Burrow have long been two of the league’s five or so best quarterbacks. The Steelers are now bringing in the most individually decorated active quarterback in the league. And the Cleveland Browns … may somehow still front the most intriguing group? Cleveland’s quarterback depth chart pivoted quickly from an injured Deshaun Watson to the four-way battle between Joe Flacco, Kenny Pickett , Dillon Gabriel and Shedeur Sanders. The wide range of ages, experience levels and quite frankly Sanders’ fame level will keep eyes on them even as all four pale in comparison to the MVP-caliber quarterbacks they’ll face in six division games.
The Steelers’ defense, anchored by four-time All-Pro edge rusher T.J. Watt , has ranked top 10 in scoring during six of Watt’s eight seasons. Pittsburgh’s offense, during that stretch, has managed just two top-10 marks — and none since 2018. Rodgers gives the Steelers a higher collective ceiling than they’ve had in the past decade, and he comes at a moment when fans are eager for a palate cleanser. Ben Roethlisberger’s career fizzled toward the end, due to injuries and decline in production. Then came the draft miss on Pickett, a revolving door of Mitchell Trubisky and Rudolph, and last year’s two-man show. Russell Wilson and Justin Fields each had their moments on 2024 tryout contracts — but neither alleviated sufficient pressure from Pittsburgh’s defense. With the arrival of Rodgers and receiver DK Metcalf , Watt and his defensive colleagues may not need to carry as heavy a load this year.
Atlanta Falcons veteran quarterback Kirk Cousins skipped (albeit non-mandatory) OTAs as he continues to hope the Falcons will deal him to a team that will let him start. Instead, Cousins remains firmly on Atlanta’s roster — where 2024 first-round draft pick Michael Penix Jr. has supplanted the veteran on the depth chart, despite the Falcons guaranteeing Cousins $100 million just last spring. The Falcons already lost one seemingly natural trade partner when the Browns selected Gabriel and Sanders in the 2025 NFL Draft. Now, the last team desperate for quarterback help is finalizing a resolution. Cousins’ best bet at starting this season is a sidelining-caliber injury to a starter. The longer he’s in Atlanta, the more likely his backup campaign becomes.
Few in the league truly have lost faith in Rodgers’ on-field ability. He was inconsistent last year but still played stretches at a high level while managing to be available 17 games the first season after suffering an Achilles tear. The bigger question around the league is how Rodgers will handle his relationships in the building, directly and indirectly. For a coach like Tomlin whose unfettered authority has extended further than arguably any of his counterparts in recent years — how will that work? Will Rodgers appearing weekly on the "Pat McAfee Show" sit well with the coach who has built a résumé more prolific than Rodgers’ recent leaders? Will Rodgers be allowed the leeway to bring along coaches and players, as he did in New York? How will the Steelers’ robust platform amplify distractions, miscommunications and veiled messages? Some executives across the league believe the Steelers were so desperate for a quarterback they couldn’t afford to let team culture implications hinder this move. And perhaps Rodgers will be so delighted to play for a high-functioning organization that he’ll get in line, or winning will mask all wounds. But if Rodgers’ history with coaches is any indication, let’s not pretend Tomlin’s authority won’t face questions — during and after Rodgers’ time in the building.
By all accounts, the Minnesota Vikings were Rodgers’ top-choice team this offseason. Vikings head coach Kevin O’Connell and Rodgers had a conversation about a potential marriage, Rodgers even reportedly offering to play for $10 million if it meant the caliber of roster and play-caller that Minnesota provides. When the Vikings opted to stick with unproven 2024 first-round draft pick J.J. McCarthy , they confirmed star receiver Justin Jefferson would be teaming up with a rookie rather than a four-time NFL MVP. To Jefferson’s credit, he’s excelled with every quarterback the Vikings have played and should be expected to again this year. Jefferson has averaged 1,641 receiving yards and nine touchdowns per year in his first five NFL seasons. So will he be fine with McCarthy? Sure. But the Vikings will likely shift to a more run-heavy scheme to support McCarthy, reducing Jefferson’s opportunities compared to if Rodgers came to town.

First, Tom Brady played until he was 45 years old and won a Super Bowl at 43. Now, after playing all 17 games at 40 a year removed from tearing his Achilles, Rodgers is poised to join the Steelers at 41 years old. The only thing more damaging to Father Time would be if Rodgers integrates the realities of his aging into his game planning to further shield himself from retirement. What would that look like? One of Brady’s great successes playing well into his 40s was his honesty assessing his strengths and weaknesses, and leaning into his strengths. Brady’s secret weapon was never an elite arm nor rare athleticism; he thrived off untopped preparation and killer decision-making. Rodgers possesses that high-level, rapid-speed processing and hasn’t lost his strong arm. But he’s still coming to terms with the reduction of his mobility and athleticism. The quicker he adjusts accordingly, the greater his chance of playing more consistently than last season.
Whether fans agree with Rodgers’ opinions and beliefs or don’t (he shares enough that it’s easy to fall in both categories!), no one can argue Rodgers focuses on football and winning alone. He’s immensely talented and also immensely in the public eye, from his "McAfee" appearances that go beyond the stage of his quarterback counterparts to his near-candidacy for vice president with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and beyond. Rodgers has generated headlines surrounding vaccinations, ayahuasca and more. What will be next? The Steelers will soon find out.

Aaron Rodgers ends offseason uncertainty, agrees to 1-year deal with Steelers
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/breaking-news/article/aaron-rodgers-ends-offseason-uncertainty-agrees-to-1-year-deal-with-steelers-191534512.html
We've dealt with the weirdness of Aaron Rodgers being in a New York Jets uniform. Now we have a new team to add to Rodgers' "legend in an unusual uniform at the end of his career" collection.
Rodgers agreed to terms on a one-year deal with the Pittsburgh Steelers on Thursday, the team announced.
We have agreed to terms with QB Aaron Rodgers on a one-year contract, pending the completion of a physical. @BordasLaw 📝: https://t.co/9WFkSoVnD7 pic.twitter.com/lF8OtgHgXi
The contract parameters have been in place for months , per NFL Network's Tom Pelissero . Once the deal is finalized and Rodgers signs, he'll be able to take the field with Pittsburgh.
This ends a lengthy wait to see where Rodgers would play next, if anywhere, though recent weeks and developments cast Pittsburgh as the most likely destination, especially after the Steelers didn't use a premium draft pick on a quarterback. (They did take Ohio State QB Will Howard in the sixth round.)
Rodgers visited the Steelers on March 28, which head coach Mike Tomlin called "productive." The following week at the spring owners meetings, team president Art Rooney II was asked if Rodgers would sign with the team, and Rooney said things were "pointing in that direction." There was no further word on it, though, until mid-April when Rodgers went on "The Pat McAfee Show" and didn't sound committed to the Steelers or even playing football at all.
He's committed now, and he'll join a Steelers team that's made the playoffs in four of the past five years but lost in the wild-card round each time, and is still searching for a quarterback after Ben Roethlisberger's retirement.
In many ways, Rodgers will always be linked to his former Green Bay Packers teammate Brett Favre. And like Favre, Rodgers became a legend with the Packers, played briefly with the Jets, and now moves on to another team in his 40s.
Rodgers can only hope he has similar success to what Favre experienced with the Minnesota Vikings.


Rodgers' time with the Jets didn't work out as anyone hoped.
In his first season there, Rodgers blew out his Achilles tendon on the first drive of the season. He recovered and came back to play in all 17 games. But those 17 games resulted in a 5-12 record, which led to the Jets firing their general manager and head coach, and announcing in February they'd be moving on from Rodgers.
Within that five-win season was some hope that Rodgers still had something left for another season in 2025. He played pretty well late in the season, possibly because some early-season injuries hampered his play. Once healthier, Rodgers had 18 touchdowns, four interceptions and a 97 passer rating over New York's final 10 games.
It wasn't vintage Rodgers, who has won four NFL MVPs and a Super Bowl but as he entered free agency this offseason, teams could look at the tape and feel optimistic that he wasn't finished.

Once Rodgers said he was interested in playing again, that opened up an interesting free agency for the all-time great quarterback.
Before Rodgers joined the Steelers, Pittsburgh's wide receiver room had a major alteration when the club traded No. 1 wideout George Pickens to the Dallas Cowboys for draft picks. Rodgers was initially looking at a DK Metcalf-Pickens combination to be his primary pass catchers in the 2025 season.
The QB reportedly worked out with Metcalf this offseason in late March.
Rodgers will turn 42 years old on Dec. 2, but he has the pedigree of a no-doubt Hall of Fame player. No team would expect Rodgers to be an MVP quarterback again, but one last great season like Favre with the Vikings in 2009 didn't seem to be an outlandish best-case scenario.
Rodgers has 62,952 passing yards, is one of five quarterbacks in the 500 touchdown club with 503 and his 102.6 passer rating is the all-time record among qualified passers. And now he'll have at least one more season to add to his résumé.

NFL's low-key MVPs: 4 players in the middle of the field who add tons of hidden value like Frank Ragnow
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/nfls-low-key-mvps-4-players-in-the-middle-of-the-field-who-add-tons-of-hidden-value-like-frank-ragnow-233056148.html
Frank Ragnow’s retirement has me thinking about a few other NFL players who do some in-between things and have more of an impact on their team’s success than first meets the eye.
The center in football is naturally at the point of attack, and that is true in a philosophical sense. Just like there's a defensive spectrum in baseball regarding the importance of certain positions, the center in football has been growing in impact recently because of the increasingly complex mental checklist they have to go through on a snap-to-snap basis. (A checklist second only to the quarterback in length, and sometimes longer than the quarterback on a given play.) Likewise, the center of the defense is important as defenses put fewer bodies in the middle and ask their defenders to be more athletic and versatile with their asks.
The middle, center or spine of a unit will always be important in sports, from soccer to basketball to baseball to hockey. And football is no different. With the increased focus, talent and pay going toward more centrally located positions, I wanted to look at some of the more low-key MVPs around the NFL that have an outsized impact on the game from their spots in the middle.
A center, an off-ball linebacker, a slot defender and a nose tackle. With some always-fun on-off splits (with the usual NOISY DATA caveat attached) included for a flourish.
It might seem early to plop a second-year player on this list, and this section can be considered a quasi-breakout player prediction. Frazier was a plus-starter at the pivot spot as soon as he stepped on the field as a rookie last season. He missed a few games because of injury, but Frazier already showed off a high IQ (he’s an excellent pre-snap communicator, and handled all protection and identification duties even with veteran quarterbacks behind him) and recorded the second-lowest one-on-one pressure rate allowed among qualifying centers, per Next Gen Stats. Frazier’s 2.9% rate was behind only Luke Wattenberg , center for the Broncos' strong line.
The Steelers have found their long-term starter at Center in Zach Frazier, who is playing like one of the best players at his position two games into his career. Quick, strong and smart. Frazier is fun to watch. Especially when he climbs to the second level or sawing off twists. https://t.co/lJ4OGpCo3F pic.twitter.com/oGIuTMttTp
Even with a quarterback in Aaron Rodgers with 241 starts now joining the Steelers, Frazier will likely continue to handle the pre-snap mental load for the unit. That would be Rodgers’ burden if offensive coordinator Arthur Smith and the Steelers' coaches feel comfortable enough with Rodgers playing point guard and adding some flourishes to the scripted offense with his love for hand signaling and ad-libbing.
There were some major protection issues during Rodgers’ tenure with the Jets, sometimes because of talent level but also because of a surprising lack of awareness from the veteran quarterback. Frazier is more than up to the task mentally, on top of being a technician with athleticism to boot. (Frazier’s excursions to block defenders on the second level are enjoyable to watch.) If he stays healthy, Frazier has an All-Pro nod in his future. And it might be sooner than later.
If you want breakout linemen outside of the center position, Arizona's Paris Johnson Jr. looks like he’s about to make a leap in his third year. There are also a couple of other highly drafted tackles who could be in line for a breakout year as their teams try to find starters around them. Seattle Seahawks left tackle Charles Cross should get a boost from the Klint Kubiak's offensive scheme, Abe Lucas healthy, the emergence of Olu Oluwatimi and the Grey Zabel draft pick. Cross' underlying numbers aren’t overwhelming, but he's shown the upside of a Pro Bowler for stretches in his career. With some help around him, those flashes could turn into real sustained strong play as a pass protector and a run blocker (which Cross has improved tremendously on in his professional career). Darnell Wright is a similar discussion on the right side for the Bears.
It’s hard not to notice Al-Shaair. He’s a vocal player with a nose for the ball who seemingly had a knack for playing to — and pushing his opponents to — the limit.
Al-Shaair is also a good player who was a cornerstone for the Texans' defense last season. He missed six-plus games in 2024 because of an injury and a suspension for a hit on Trevor Lawrence. The on-off sample size with Al-Shaair is stronger than usual because of the time Al-Shaair missed, and even without looking at advanced stats, his absence was felt when watching the Texans' defense over those 498 plays he wasn’t on the field.

The Texans allowed an explosive run rate of 10.9% with Al-Shaair off the field. Does that sound high? Because it is high. That would have been the highest rate allowed by any defense in the NFL if it went season-long. And 498 plays is not a tiny data set!
With Al-Shaair on the field, that explosive run rate dropped to 8.5%, which is still middling and would rank 16th, but is far more tolerable and also indicative of the other weaknesses with the Texans' defense last season. The yards per run allowed by the Texans dropped by a half yard (from 4.6 to 4.1) with Al-Shaair on the field, going from a bottom-10 number to a top-five mark.
Another one of those weaknesses that offenses picked at was the lack of consistent coverage ability by the other Texans linebackers. Offenses could have their way on whichever Texans linebackers were defending in man coverage, with more savvy quarterbacks able to find workable areas over the middle against zone. The Texans were 30th in EPA per dropback allowed without Al-Shaair on the field, with quarterbacks averaging 0.16 EPA per dropback against them. (For reference, Joe Burrow ’s EPA per dropback last season was 0.15.) With Al-Shaair on the field, they allowed a minus-0.12 EPA per dropback. (Again, for reference, Will Levis was last among qualifying quarterbacks in 2024 at minus-0.15 EPA per dropback.) This number would have ranked first if it were over an entire season last year, above the Broncos, who held quarterbacks to a minus-0.10 mark.
Offenses' yards per play (5.4 to 4.9) and net yards per pass attempt (6.4 to 6.0) all fell with Al-Shaair on the field. It should be noted that the Texans' schedule featured some stronger offenses when Al-Shaair was unable to play, including the Packers, Colts, Jets, Dolphins, Chiefs and Ravens. But it’s obvious when he’s on the field how he helped keep the Texans' run defense sound with his ability to read, run and recover behind their hyper-aggressive defensive line. His athleticism and coverage ability helps unlock Houston's preferred third-down looks of man coverage and five-man rushes.
The Texans had an outstanding unit last season that was led by their speedy pass rush and tight man coverage, but Al-Shaair is just as important to their defense continuing that success, and mindset, as the Texans' young stars who surround him.
Tart has been a mauler in the middle for a few seasons now, but since his reported disagreements with management in Tennessee led to his release in December 2023, he's bounced from team to team the past couple of years. He landed in Los Angeles in 2024 and was a part of a Chargers defense that played greater than the sum of its parts and overperformed throughout the season, despite withering against the better offenses it faced.
On-off stats can be noisy in sports, especially football because of the multiple variables involved (situation, opponent, team health, the plain fact that there are 22 players on the field). But they can align neatly with what is plainly obvious for more rotational and situation players like Tart, who played 300 early-down snaps for the Chargers last season.
Teair Tart (#90) was constantly disruptive against the Bengals. Tart doesn't always fill up the boxscore, but he's been playing well all year. One of the several veteran Chargers defenders that have been rejuvenated this season. (Plus there's some Daiyan Henley) pic.twitter.com/xrjAn9kItb
It’s striking how much better the unit played with Tart holding down the interior. Especially against the run, where the Chargers performed like one of the league’s best units with Tart on the field, and mediocre with him on the sideline.
The Chargers gave up 5.2 yards per rush with Tart off the field, which would rank 31st leaguewide, and 3.9 yards per rush with him on the field, which would be tied for second. Their rushing success rate also dropped from first with him on the field to 19th with him off it. The Chargers allowed a paltry 32.1% success rate against early-down runs last season with Tart on the field. (Think about that: two out of three first- and second-down runs with Tart on the field would put the offense behind the chains.)
Explosive rush rate allowed? Ninth with Tart on the field, 20th with him off. EPA allowed per run? Minus-0.07 without Tart, minus-0.20 with him. Which, again, would rank first just above the Broncos.
(Sidebar: That Broncos defense is looking to also be quite excellent in 2025. Maybe “best in the NFL” excellent. D.J. Jones was another name I almost included in this article.)
Tart has had stretches of unblockable play when on the field, and the Chargers did a nice job to get him back on another one-year deal. As part of an astute unit under defensive coordinator Jesse Minter that would give underprepared offenses issues, Tart is one of the valuable role players who helps lift the floor by making life harder on what should be the “simple” plays for the offense.
A former fifth-round draft pick, Lenoir earned a nearly $40 million guaranteed payday in November that maybe makes this “low-key” designation ill-fitting. But Lenoir has turned into one of the best defenders in the NFL at the critical slot defender position, with the versatility to still be a strong starting cornerback on the outside when needed.
Lenoir finished 2024 with five tackles for loss against the run (tied for second among slot defenders) and nine passes defended (ranking fifth), as well as a 63.6 QB rating when he was the closest defender targeted, fourth-best among slot defenders last season. He’s a tough, explosive, smart player who helps make throwing between the numbers against the 49ers a risky adventure for quarterbacks with All-Pro linebacker Fred Warner also nearby.
The 49ers have been trying to add more beef to their front seven this offseason, but Lenoir has been an impact player in Santa Clara and could take another step forward as the 49ers continue to transform their defense.
Deommodore Lenoir with a quick close and hit pic.twitter.com/UA8QZQzjL3
The league is littered with slot dynamos right now, from starters like Detroit's Brian Branch and the Ravens' Kyle Hamilton / Marlon Humphrey pairing to rookie needle-mover Cooper DeJean in Philadelphia to about another dozen other young talented players ( Devon Witherspoon ! Kyler Gordon ! Roger McCreary ! Dru Phillips ! Jalen Pitre ! I’m sure I’m missing one!) on top of vets like Mike Hilton and Taron Johnson .
Garrett Williams also deserves some love as a key player on the Cardinals' psychedelic defense who could be a surprisingly strong unit this season. Budda Baker is the skeleton key of that defense, but Williams has become a standout player in his own right as a versatile playmaker who is seemingly always near the ball.
Garrett Williams (#21) has turned into a standout player for the Cardinals. Love his versatility. https://t.co/mr8Efx0fuH pic.twitter.com/PA0gqG3FuM
But I'll go with Lenoir as the low-key MVP at this position. And he'll have to play like it to fend off the competition from his own specialty across the league.

EMERGENCY POD: Aaron Rodgers signs with Steelers | Inside Coverage
https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/article/emergency-pod-aaron-rodgers-signs-with-steelers--inside-coverage-210452254.html

Breaking news: Aaron Rodgers plans to sign with the Pittsburgh Steelers. Jason Fitz and Frank Schwab of Yahoo Sports hop on an emergency edition on Inside Coverage to break down all the implications of the veteran QB's signing. What does this mean for his legacy? And will Mike Tomlin land on the hot seat if things go off the rails? We're doing our best to answer all of this and more on a very special episode!
🖥️ Watch this full episode on YouTube
Check out the rest of the Yahoo Sports podcast family at https://apple.co/3zEuTQj or at Yahoo Sports Podcasts

